They do not!	They do to!
They do to!	I hope so.
I hope so.	She okay?
She okay?	Let's go.
Let's go.	Wow
Wow	Okay -- you're gonna need to learn how to lie.
Okay -- you're gonna need to learn how to lie.	No
No	I'm kidding.  You know how sometimes you just become this "persona"?  And you don't know how to quit?
I'm kidding.  You know how sometimes you just become this "persona"?  And you don't know how to quit?	Like my fear of wearing pastels?
Like my fear of wearing pastels?	The "real you".
The "real you".	What good stuff?
What good stuff?	I figured you'd get to the good stuff eventually.
I figured you'd get to the good stuff eventually.	Thank God!  If I had to hear one more story about your coiffure...
Thank God!  If I had to hear one more story about your coiffure...	Me.  This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself.
Me.  This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself.	What crap?
What crap?	do you listen to this crap?
do you listen to this crap?	No...
No...	Then Guillermo says, "If you go any lighter, you're gonna look like an extra on 90210."
Then Guillermo says, "If you go any lighter, you're gonna look like an extra on 90210."	You always been this selfish?
You always been this selfish?	But
But	Then that's all you had to say.
Then that's all you had to say.	Well, no...
Well, no...	You never wanted to go out with 'me, did you?
You never wanted to go out with 'me, did you?	I was?
I was?	I looked for you back at the party, but you always seemed to be "occupied".
I looked for you back at the party, but you always seemed to be "occupied".	Tons
Tons	Have fun tonight?
Have fun tonight?	I believe we share an art instructor
I believe we share an art instructor	You know Chastity?
You know Chastity?	Looks like things worked out tonight, huh?
Looks like things worked out tonight, huh?	Hi.
Hi.	Who knows?  All I've ever heard her say is that she'd dip before dating a guy that smokes.
Who knows?  All I've ever heard her say is that she'd dip before dating a guy that smokes.	So that's the kind of guy she likes? Pretty ones?
So that's the kind of guy she likes? Pretty ones?	Lesbian?  No. I found a picture of Jared Leto in one of her drawers, so I'm pretty sure she's not harboring same-sex tendencies.
Lesbian?  No. I found a picture of Jared Leto in one of her drawers, so I'm pretty sure she's not harboring same-sex tendencies.	She's not a...
She's not a...	I'm workin' on it. But she doesn't seem to be goin' for him.
I'm workin' on it. But she doesn't seem to be goin' for him.	I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't.  Not unless my sister goes.
I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't.  Not unless my sister goes.	Sure have.
Sure have.	Eber's Deep Conditioner every two days. And I never, ever use a blowdryer without the diffuser attachment.
Eber's Deep Conditioner every two days. And I never, ever use a blowdryer without the diffuser attachment.	How do you get your hair to look like that?
How do you get your hair to look like that?	You're sweet.
You're sweet.	You have my word.  As a gentleman
You have my word.  As a gentleman	I counted on you to help my cause. You and that thug are obviously failing. Aren't we ever going on our date?
I counted on you to help my cause. You and that thug are obviously failing. Aren't we ever going on our date?	You got something on your mind?
You got something on your mind?	Where?
Where?	There.
There.	Well, there's someone I think might be --
Well, there's someone I think might be --	How is our little Find the Wench A Date plan progressing?
How is our little Find the Wench A Date plan progressing?	Forget French.
Forget French.	That's because it's such a nice one.
That's because it's such a nice one.	I don't want to know how to say that though.  I want to know useful things. Like where the good stores are.  How much does champagne cost?  Stuff like Chat.  I have never in my life had to point out my head to someone.
I don't want to know how to say that though.  I want to know useful things. Like where the good stores are.  How much does champagne cost?  Stuff like Chat.  I have never in my life had to point out my head to someone.	Right.  See?  You're ready for the quiz.
Right.  See?  You're ready for the quiz.	C'esc ma tete. This is my head
C'esc ma tete. This is my head	Let me see what I can do.
Let me see what I can do.	Gosh, if only we could find Kat a boyfriend...
Gosh, if only we could find Kat a boyfriend...	That's a shame.
That's a shame.	Unsolved mystery.  She used to be really popular when she started high school, then it was just like she got sick of it or something.
Unsolved mystery.  She used to be really popular when she started high school, then it was just like she got sick of it or something.	Why?
Why?	Seems like she could get a date easy enough...
Seems like she could get a date easy enough...	The thing is, Cameron -- I'm at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser.  My sister.  I can't date until she does.
The thing is, Cameron -- I'm at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser.  My sister.  I can't date until she does.	Cameron.
Cameron.	No, no, it's my fault -- we didn't have a proper introduction ---
No, no, it's my fault -- we didn't have a proper introduction ---	Forget it.
Forget it.	You're asking me out.  That's so cute. What's your name again?
You're asking me out.  That's so cute. What's your name again?	Okay... then how 'bout we try out some French cuisine.  Saturday?  Night?
Okay... then how 'bout we try out some French cuisine.  Saturday?  Night?	Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part.  Please.
Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part.  Please.	Well, I thought we'd start with pronunciation, if that's okay with you.
Well, I thought we'd start with pronunciation, if that's okay with you.	Can we make this quick?  Roxanne Korrine and Andrew Barrett are having an incredibly horrendous public break- up on the quad.  Again.
Can we make this quick?  Roxanne Korrine and Andrew Barrett are having an incredibly horrendous public break- up on the quad.  Again.	I did.
I did.	You think you ' re the only sophomore at the prom?
You think you ' re the only sophomore at the prom?	I don't have to be home 'til two.
I don't have to be home 'til two.	I have to be home in twenty minutes.
I have to be home in twenty minutes.	All I know is -- I'd give up my private line to go out with a guy like Joey.
All I know is -- I'd give up my private line to go out with a guy like Joey.	Sometimes I wonder if the guys we're supposed to want to go out with are the ones we actually want to go out with, you know?
Sometimes I wonder if the guys we're supposed to want to go out with are the ones we actually want to go out with, you know?	Bianca, I don't think the highlights of dating Joey Dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding.
Bianca, I don't think the highlights of dating Joey Dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding.	Combination.  I don't know -- I thought he'd be different.  More of a gentleman...
Combination.  I don't know -- I thought he'd be different.  More of a gentleman...	Is he oily or dry?
Is he oily or dry?	He practically proposed when he found out we had the same dermatologist. I mean. Dr. Bonchowski is great an all, but he's not exactly relevant party conversation.
He practically proposed when he found out we had the same dermatologist. I mean. Dr. Bonchowski is great an all, but he's not exactly relevant party conversation.	Would you mind getting me a drink, Cameron?
Would you mind getting me a drink, Cameron?	Great
Great	Joey.
Joey.	Who?
Who?	Where did he go?  He was just here.
Where did he go?  He was just here.	You might wanna think about it
You might wanna think about it	No.
No.	Did you change your hair?
Did you change your hair?	You know the deal.  I can ' t go if Kat doesn't go --
You know the deal.  I can ' t go if Kat doesn't go --	Listen, I want to talk to you about the prom.
Listen, I want to talk to you about the prom.	You're concentrating awfully hard considering it's gym class.
You're concentrating awfully hard considering it's gym class.	Hi, Joey.
Hi, Joey.	Hey, sweet cheeks.
Hey, sweet cheeks.	My agent says I've got a good shot at being the Prada guy next year.
My agent says I've got a good shot at being the Prada guy next year.	Neat...
Neat...	It's a gay cruise line, but I'll be, like, wearing a uniform and stuff.
It's a gay cruise line, but I'll be, like, wearing a uniform and stuff.	Queen Harry?
Queen Harry?	So yeah, I've got the Sears catalog thing going -- and the tube sock gig " that's gonna be huge.  And then I'm up for an ad for Queen Harry next week.
So yeah, I've got the Sears catalog thing going -- and the tube sock gig " that's gonna be huge.  And then I'm up for an ad for Queen Harry next week.	Hopefully.
Hopefully.	Exactly  So, you going to Bogey Lowenbrau's thing on Saturday?
Exactly  So, you going to Bogey Lowenbrau's thing on Saturday?	Expensive?
Expensive?	It's more
It's more	Perm?
Perm?	Patrick -- is that- a.
Patrick -- is that- a.	It's just you.
It's just you.	Is that woman a complete fruit-loop or is it just me?
Is that woman a complete fruit-loop or is it just me?	No! I just wanted
No! I just wanted	What? To completely damage me?  To send me to therapy forever? What?
What? To completely damage me?  To send me to therapy forever? What?	I just wanted --
I just wanted --	You set me up.
You set me up.	Let go!
Let go!	So did you
So did you	You looked beautiful last night, you know.
You looked beautiful last night, you know.	I guess I'll never know, will I?
I guess I'll never know, will I?	Not all experiences are good, Bianca. You can't always trust the people you want to.
Not all experiences are good, Bianca. You can't always trust the people you want to.	God, you're just like him! Just keep me locked away in the dark, so I can't experience anything for myself
God, you're just like him! Just keep me locked away in the dark, so I can't experience anything for myself	I guess I thought I was protecting you.
I guess I thought I was protecting you.	I'm not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes.
I'm not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes.	That's not
That's not	No. you didn't!  If you really thought I could make my own decisions, you would've let me go out with him instead of helping Daddy hold me hostage.
No. you didn't!  If you really thought I could make my own decisions, you would've let me go out with him instead of helping Daddy hold me hostage.	I wanted to let you make up your own mind about him.
I wanted to let you make up your own mind about him.	Why didn't you tell me?
Why didn't you tell me?	After that, I swore I'd never do anything just because "everyone else" was doing it.  And I haven't since. Except for Bogey's party, and my stunning gastro-intestinal display --
After that, I swore I'd never do anything just because "everyone else" was doing it.  And I haven't since. Except for Bogey's party, and my stunning gastro-intestinal display --	But
But	Just once.  Afterwards, I told him I didn't want to anymore.  I wasn't ready. He got pissed.  Then he broke up with me.
Just once.  Afterwards, I told him I didn't want to anymore.  I wasn't ready. He got pissed.  Then he broke up with me.	You did what?
You did what?	He said everyone was doing it.  So I did it.
He said everyone was doing it.  So I did it.	As in...
As in...	Now I do.  Back then, was a different story.
Now I do.  Back then, was a different story.	But you hate Joey
But you hate Joey	He was, like, a total babe
He was, like, a total babe	Why?
Why?	In 9th.  For a month
In 9th.  For a month	What?
What?	Joey never told you we went out, did he?
Joey never told you we went out, did he?	I wish I had that luxury. I'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and I can't go, because you won ' t.
I wish I had that luxury. I'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and I can't go, because you won ' t.	I do care. But I'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons, not someone else ' s .
I do care. But I'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons, not someone else ' s .	Like you care.
Like you care.	Listen, I know you hate having to sit home because I'm not Susie High School.
Listen, I know you hate having to sit home because I'm not Susie High School.	You're welcome.
You're welcome.	I don't get you.  You act like you're too good for any of this, and then you go totally apeshit when you get here.
I don't get you.  You act like you're too good for any of this, and then you go totally apeshit when you get here.	I really don't think I need any social advice from you right now.
I really don't think I need any social advice from you right now.	Bianca, I need to talk to you -- I need to tell you --
Bianca, I need to talk to you -- I need to tell you --	Can we go now?
Can we go now?	You are so completely unbalanced.
You are so completely unbalanced.	Yeah, he's your freak friend Mandella's boyfriend.  I guess since I'm not allowed to go out, I should obsess over a dead guy, too.
Yeah, he's your freak friend Mandella's boyfriend.  I guess since I'm not allowed to go out, I should obsess over a dead guy, too.	It's Shakespeare.  Maybe you've heard of him?
It's Shakespeare.  Maybe you've heard of him?	Like I'm supposed to know what that even means.
Like I'm supposed to know what that even means.	At least I'm not a clouted fen- sucked hedge-pig.
At least I'm not a clouted fen- sucked hedge-pig.	Can't you forget for just one night that you're completely wretched?
Can't you forget for just one night that you're completely wretched?	Bogey Lowenstein's party is normal, but you're too busy listening to Bitches Who Need Prozac to know that.
Bogey Lowenstein's party is normal, but you're too busy listening to Bitches Who Need Prozac to know that.	What's normal?
What's normal?	You're ruining my life'  Because you won't be normal, I can't be normal.
You're ruining my life'  Because you won't be normal, I can't be normal.	I think you're a freak.  I think you do this to torture me.  And I think you suck.
I think you're a freak.  I think you do this to torture me.  And I think you suck.	What do you think?
What do you think?	Oh, I thought you might have a date  I don't know why I'm bothering to ask, but are you going to Bogey Lowenstein's party Saturday night?
Oh, I thought you might have a date  I don't know why I'm bothering to ask, but are you going to Bogey Lowenstein's party Saturday night?	It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we're going.
It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we're going.	Oh my God, does this mean you're becoming normal?
Oh my God, does this mean you're becoming normal?	Can you at least start wearing a bra?
Can you at least start wearing a bra?	I have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you don't get out of my way.
I have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you don't get out of my way.	Nowhere... Hi, Daddy.
Nowhere... Hi, Daddy.	Where've you been?
Where've you been?	I have a date, Daddy.  And he ' s not a captain of oppression like some men we know.
I have a date, Daddy.  And he ' s not a captain of oppression like some men we know.	I'm missing something.
I'm missing something.	Fine.  I see that I'm a prisoner in my own house.  I'm not a daughter. I'm a possession!
Fine.  I see that I'm a prisoner in my own house.  I'm not a daughter. I'm a possession!	You're not going unless your sister goes.  End of story.
You're not going unless your sister goes.  End of story.	He's not a "hot rod".  Whatever that is.
He's not a "hot rod".  Whatever that is.	It's that hot rod Joey, right? That ' s who you want me to bend my rules for?
It's that hot rod Joey, right? That ' s who you want me to bend my rules for?	No, but
No, but	The prom?  Kat has a date?
The prom?  Kat has a date?	Daddy, I want to discuss the prom with you. It's tomorrow night --
Daddy, I want to discuss the prom with you. It's tomorrow night --	Because she'll scare them away.
Because she'll scare them away.	Why?
Why?	Promise me you won't talk to any boys unless your sister is present.
Promise me you won't talk to any boys unless your sister is present.	Just for a minute
Just for a minute	Daddy, no!
Daddy, no!	Wear the belly before you go.
Wear the belly before you go.	It's just a party. Daddy.
It's just a party. Daddy.	Oh, God.  It's starting.
Oh, God.  It's starting.	If Kat's not going, you're not going.
If Kat's not going, you're not going.	Daddy, people expect me to be there!
Daddy, people expect me to be there!	It's just a party. Daddy, but I knew you'd forbid me to go since "Gloria Steinem" over there isn't going --
It's just a party. Daddy, but I knew you'd forbid me to go since "Gloria Steinem" over there isn't going --	Otherwise known as an orgy?
Otherwise known as an orgy?	If you must know, we were attempting to go to a small study group of friends.
If you must know, we were attempting to go to a small study group of friends.	And where're you going?
And where're you going?	Daddy, I --
Daddy, I --	Exactly my point
Exactly my point	But she doesn't want to date.
But she doesn't want to date.	But it's not fair -- she's a mutant, Daddy!
But it's not fair -- she's a mutant, Daddy!	Then neither will you.  And I'll get to sleep at night.
Then neither will you.  And I'll get to sleep at night.	What if she never starts dating?
What if she never starts dating?	No! You're not dating until your sister starts dating.  End of discussion.
No! You're not dating until your sister starts dating.  End of discussion.	Now don't get upset. Daddy, but there's this boy... and I think he might ask...
Now don't get upset. Daddy, but there's this boy... and I think he might ask...	Just sent 'em through.
Just sent 'em through.	Padua girls.  One tall, decent body. The other one kinda short and undersexed?
Padua girls.  One tall, decent body. The other one kinda short and undersexed?	Never
Never	Fan of a fan.  You see a couple of minors come in?
Fan of a fan.  You see a couple of minors come in?	Didn't have you pegged for a Gigglepuss fan.  Aren't they a little too pre-teen belly-button ring for you?
Didn't have you pegged for a Gigglepuss fan.  Aren't they a little too pre-teen belly-button ring for you?	Always a pleasure, Brucie.
Always a pleasure, Brucie.	Best case scenario, you're back on the payroll for awhile.
Best case scenario, you're back on the payroll for awhile.	You humiliated the woman! Sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score.
You humiliated the woman! Sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score.	No, I ' m not.
No, I ' m not.	Buttholus extremus.  But hey, you're making progress.
Buttholus extremus.  But hey, you're making progress.	The hell is that?  What kind of 'guy just picks up a girl and carries her away while you're talking to her?
The hell is that?  What kind of 'guy just picks up a girl and carries her away while you're talking to her?	Extremely unfortunate maneuver.
Extremely unfortunate maneuver.	Hell, I've just been going over the whole thing in my head and -
Hell, I've just been going over the whole thing in my head and -	You told me that part already.
You told me that part already.	It's her favorite band.
It's her favorite band.	Assail your ears for one night.
Assail your ears for one night.	Okay!  I wasn't sure
Okay!  I wasn't sure	He's pretty!
He's pretty!	Dead at forty-one.
Dead at forty-one.	Her favorite uncle
Her favorite uncle	It's a lung cancer issue
It's a lung cancer issue	Number one.  She hates smokers
Number one.  She hates smokers	Are you kidding?  He'll piss himself with joy.  He's the ultimate kiss ass.
Are you kidding?  He'll piss himself with joy.  He's the ultimate kiss ass.	Will Bogey get bent?
Will Bogey get bent?	In that case, we'll need to make it a school-wide blow out.
In that case, we'll need to make it a school-wide blow out.	This is it.  A golden opportunity. Patrick can ask Katarina to the party.
This is it.  A golden opportunity. Patrick can ask Katarina to the party.	Like we had a choice?  Besides -- when you let the enemy think he's orchestrating the battle, you're in a position of power. We let him pretend he's calling the shots, and while he's busy setting up the plan, you have time to woo Bianca.
Like we had a choice?  Besides -- when you let the enemy think he's orchestrating the battle, you're in a position of power. We let him pretend he's calling the shots, and while he's busy setting up the plan, you have time to woo Bianca.	You got him involved?
You got him involved?	Hey -- I've gotta have a few clients when I get to Wall Street.
Hey -- I've gotta have a few clients when I get to Wall Street.	I thought you hated those people.
I thought you hated those people.	You know, if you do go out with Bianca, you'd be set.  You'd outrank everyone. Strictly A-list.  With me by your side.
You know, if you do go out with Bianca, you'd be set.  You'd outrank everyone. Strictly A-list.  With me by your side.	That's what I just said
That's what I just said	Did she actually say she'd go out with you?
Did she actually say she'd go out with you?	Forget his reputation.  Do you think we've got a plan or not?
Forget his reputation.  Do you think we've got a plan or not?	I'm serious, man, he's whacked.  He sold his own liver on the black market so he could buy new speakers.
I'm serious, man, he's whacked.  He sold his own liver on the black market so he could buy new speakers.	They always let felons sit in on Honors Biology?
They always let felons sit in on Honors Biology?	No kidding.  He's a criminal.  I heard he lit a state trooper on fire.  He just got out of Alcatraz...
No kidding.  He's a criminal.  I heard he lit a state trooper on fire.  He just got out of Alcatraz...	He seems like he thrives on danger
He seems like he thrives on danger	What makes you think he'll do it?
What makes you think he'll do it?	You wanna go out with him?
You wanna go out with him?	What about him?
What about him?	Unlikely, but even so, she still can't go out with you.  So what's the point?
Unlikely, but even so, she still can't go out with you.  So what's the point?	I teach her French, get to know her, dazzle her with charm and she falls in love with me.
I teach her French, get to know her, dazzle her with charm and she falls in love with me.	The mewling, rampalian wretch herself.
The mewling, rampalian wretch herself.	That's her?  Bianca's sister?
That's her?  Bianca's sister?	Yeah, just a minor encounter with the shrew.
Yeah, just a minor encounter with the shrew.	You could consecrate with her, my friend.
You could consecrate with her, my friend.	You mean I'd get a chance to talk to her?
You mean I'd get a chance to talk to her?	Guess who just signed up for a tutor?
Guess who just signed up for a tutor?	Sure do ... my Mom's from Canada
Sure do ... my Mom's from Canada	You know French?
You know French?	Joey Dorsey?  Perma-shit-grin.  I wish I could say he's a moron, but he's number twelve in the class.  And a model.  Mostly regional stuff, but he's rumored to have a big tube sock ad coming out.
Joey Dorsey?  Perma-shit-grin.  I wish I could say he's a moron, but he's number twelve in the class.  And a model.  Mostly regional stuff, but he's rumored to have a big tube sock ad coming out.	He always have that shit-eating grin?
He always have that shit-eating grin?	Because they're bred to.  Their mothers liked guys like that, and their grandmothers before them. Their gene pool is rarely diluted.
Because they're bred to.  Their mothers liked guys like that, and their grandmothers before them. Their gene pool is rarely diluted.	Why do girls like that always like guys like that?
Why do girls like that always like guys like that?	I could start with your haircut, but it doesn't matter.  She's not allowed to date until her older sister does.  And that's an impossibility.
I could start with your haircut, but it doesn't matter.  She's not allowed to date until her older sister does.  And that's an impossibility.	Why not?
Why not?	Bianca Stratford.  Sophomore. Don't even think about it
Bianca Stratford.  Sophomore. Don't even think about it	Who is she?
Who is she?	You burn, you pine, you perish?
You burn, you pine, you perish?	That girl -- I --
That girl -- I --	Yeah, but these guys have never seen a horse.  They just jack off to Clint Eastwood.
Yeah, but these guys have never seen a horse.  They just jack off to Clint Eastwood.	That I'm used to.
That I'm used to.	Couple thousand. Most of them evil
Couple thousand. Most of them evil	How many people go here?
How many people go here?	Get out!
Get out!	Thirty-two.
Thirty-two.	How many people were in your old school?
How many people were in your old school?	Yeah.  A couple.  We're outnumbered by the cows, though.
Yeah.  A couple.  We're outnumbered by the cows, though.	I was kidding. People actually live there?
I was kidding. People actually live there?	North, actually.  How'd you   ?
North, actually.  How'd you   ?	So -- which Dakota you from?
So -- which Dakota you from?	C'mon.  I'm supposed to give you the tour.
C'mon.  I'm supposed to give you the tour.	So they tell me...
So they tell me...	You the new guy?
You the new guy?	You get the girl.
You get the girl.	What's the worst?
What's the worst?	Where?
Where?	She kissed me.
She kissed me.	You makin' any headway?
You makin' any headway?	She just needs time to cool off I'll give it a day.
She just needs time to cool off I'll give it a day.	She hates you with the fire of a thousand suns .  That's a direct quote
She hates you with the fire of a thousand suns .  That's a direct quote	I don ' t know.  I decided not to nail her when she was too drunk to remember it.
I don ' t know.  I decided not to nail her when she was too drunk to remember it.	What'd you do to her?
What'd you do to her?	Then, go get her
Then, go get her	Sure
Sure	Cameron -- do you like the girl?
Cameron -- do you like the girl?	She's partial to Joey, not me
She's partial to Joey, not me	What 're you talking about?
What 're you talking about?	It's off. The whole thing.
It's off. The whole thing.	Cameron, I'm a little busy
Cameron, I'm a little busy	Don't make me do it, man
Don't make me do it, man	Gigglepuss is playing there tomorrow night.
Gigglepuss is playing there tomorrow night.	So what does that give me?  I'm supposed to buy her some noodles and a book and sit around listening to chicks who can't play their instruments?
So what does that give me?  I'm supposed to buy her some noodles and a book and sit around listening to chicks who can't play their instruments?	Okay -- Likes:  Thai food, feminist prose, and "angry, stinky girl music of the indie-rock persuasion".
Okay -- Likes:  Thai food, feminist prose, and "angry, stinky girl music of the indie-rock persuasion".	I've retrieved certain pieces of information on Miss Katarina Stratford I think you'll find helpful.
I've retrieved certain pieces of information on Miss Katarina Stratford I think you'll find helpful.	What've you got for me?
What've you got for me?	Yeah -- we'll see.
Yeah -- we'll see.	And he means that strictly in a non- prison-movie type of way.
And he means that strictly in a non- prison-movie type of way.	And why would I do that?
And why would I do that?	Leave my sister alone.
Leave my sister alone.	Your sister here?
Your sister here?	Away.
Away.	Where ya goin?
Where ya goin?	Not at all
Not at all	Hey -- do you mind?
Hey -- do you mind?	They're running the rest of me next month.
They're running the rest of me next month.	Yeah, and I noticed the only part of you featured in your big Kmart spread was your elbow.  Tough break.
Yeah, and I noticed the only part of you featured in your big Kmart spread was your elbow.  Tough break.	The vintage look is over, Kat. Haven't you been reading your Sassy?
The vintage look is over, Kat. Haven't you been reading your Sassy?	Enough with the Barbie n' Ken shit. I know.
Enough with the Barbie n' Ken shit. I know.	I don't know, Dorsey. ..the limo.-the flowers.  Another hundred for the tux --
I don't know, Dorsey. ..the limo.-the flowers.  Another hundred for the tux --	Get her to act like a human
Get her to act like a human	Do what?
Do what?	How'd you do it?
How'd you do it?	A deal's a deal.
A deal's a deal.	It's about time.
It's about time.	Forget her sister, then.
Forget her sister, then.	Forget it.
Forget it.	A hundred bucks a date.
A hundred bucks a date.	What?
What?	I just upped my price
I just upped my price	I got her under control. She just acts crazed in public to keep up the image.
I got her under control. She just acts crazed in public to keep up the image.	Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.
Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.	I'm on it
I'm on it	When I shell out fifty, I expect results.
When I shell out fifty, I expect results.	Fifty, and you've got your man.
Fifty, and you've got your man.	Take it or leave it.  This isn't a negotiation.
Take it or leave it.  This isn't a negotiation.	Fine, thirty.
Fine, thirty.	I can't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks.
I can't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks.	How much?
How much?	I can't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend.  And that's the catch. She doesn't want a boyfriend.
I can't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend.  And that's the catch. She doesn't want a boyfriend.	You're gonna pay me to take out some girl?
You're gonna pay me to take out some girl?	You got it, Verona.  I pick up the tab, you do the honors.
You got it, Verona.  I pick up the tab, you do the honors.	But you'd go out with her if you had the cake?
But you'd go out with her if you had the cake?	You need money to take a girl out
You need money to take a girl out	You just said
You just said	Sure, Sparky.  I'll get right on it.
Sure, Sparky.  I'll get right on it.	Yeah, whatever.  I want you to go out with her.
Yeah, whatever.  I want you to go out with her.	Two legs, nice rack...
Two legs, nice rack...	What do you think?
What do you think?	Yeah
Yeah	Hey -- it's all for the higher good right?
Hey -- it's all for the higher good right?	You better not fuck this up.  I'm heavily invested.
You better not fuck this up.  I'm heavily invested.	What?  We took bathes together when we were kids.
What?  We took bathes together when we were kids.	You and Verona?
You and Verona?	Uh,  yeah.  We're old friend*
Uh,  yeah.  We're old friend*	I hear you're helpin' Verona.
I hear you're helpin' Verona.	So what you need to do is recruit a guy who'll go out with her.  Someone who's up for the job.
So what you need to do is recruit a guy who'll go out with her.  Someone who's up for the job.	Does this conversation have a purpose?
Does this conversation have a purpose?	But she can't go out with you because her sister is this insane head case and no one will go out with her. right?
But she can't go out with you because her sister is this insane head case and no one will go out with her. right?	We're not.
We're not.	Well, actually, I thought I'd run an idea by you.  You know, just to see if you're interested.
Well, actually, I thought I'd run an idea by you.  You know, just to see if you're interested.	We don't chat.
We don't chat.	Nope - just came by to chat
Nope - just came by to chat	Are you lost?
Are you lost?	Hey.
Hey.	Oh, honey -- tell me we haven't' progressed to full-on hallucinations.
Oh, honey -- tell me we haven't' progressed to full-on hallucinations.	William - he asked me to meet him here.
William - he asked me to meet him here.	Who?
Who?	Have you seen him?
Have you seen him?	Oh, good.  Something new and different for us.
Oh, good.  Something new and different for us.	You ' re looking at this from the wrong perspective.  We're making a statement.
You ' re looking at this from the wrong perspective.  We're making a statement.	Okay, okay, we won't go.  It's not like I have a dress anyway
Okay, okay, we won't go.  It's not like I have a dress anyway	Listen to you!  You sound like Betty, all pissed off because Archie is taking Veronica.
Listen to you!  You sound like Betty, all pissed off because Archie is taking Veronica.	Well, I guess we're not, since we don't have dates .
Well, I guess we're not, since we don't have dates .	Can you even imagine?  Who the hell would go to this a bastion of commercial excess?
Can you even imagine?  Who the hell would go to this a bastion of commercial excess?	I got drunk.  I puked.  I got rejected. It was big fun.
I got drunk.  I puked.  I got rejected. It was big fun.	You didn't
You didn't	I did Bianca a favor and it backfired.
I did Bianca a favor and it backfired.	You didn't have a choice?  Where's Kat and what have you done with her?
You didn't have a choice?  Where's Kat and what have you done with her?	I didn't have a choice.
I didn't have a choice.	You went to the party?  I thought we were officially opposed to suburban social activity.
You went to the party?  I thought we were officially opposed to suburban social activity.	Who cares?
Who cares?	What'd he say?
What'd he say?	No fear.
No fear.	You think this'll work?
You think this'll work?	If I was Bianca, it would be, "Any school you want, precious.  Don't forget your tiara."
If I was Bianca, it would be, "Any school you want, precious.  Don't forget your tiara."	Does it matter?
Does it matter?	I appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death, but I'm consuming.  Do you mind?
I appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death, but I'm consuming.  Do you mind?	Neither has his heterosexuality.
Neither has his heterosexuality.	That's never been proven
That's never been proven	William didn't even go to high school
William didn't even go to high school	William would never have gone to a state school.
William would never have gone to a state school.	So he has this huge raging fit about Sarah Lawrence and insists that I go to his male-dominated, puking frat boy, number one golf team school. I have no say at all.
So he has this huge raging fit about Sarah Lawrence and insists that I go to his male-dominated, puking frat boy, number one golf team school. I have no say at all.	You could always go with me.  I'm sure William has some friends.
You could always go with me.  I'm sure William has some friends.	The people at this school are so incredibly foul.
The people at this school are so incredibly foul.	But imagine the things he'd say during sex.
But imagine the things he'd say during sex.	I realize that the men of this fine institution are severely lacking, but killing yourself so you can be with William Shakespeare is beyond the scope of normal teenage obsessions.  You're venturing far past daytime talk show fodder and entering the world of those who need very expensive therapy.
I realize that the men of this fine institution are severely lacking, but killing yourself so you can be with William Shakespeare is beyond the scope of normal teenage obsessions.  You're venturing far past daytime talk show fodder and entering the world of those who need very expensive therapy.	An attempted slit.
An attempted slit.	What's this?
What's this?	Just a little.
Just a little.	Mandella, eat.  Starving yourself is a very slow way to die.
Mandella, eat.  Starving yourself is a very slow way to die.	Block E?
Block E?	He always look so
He always look so	I'm sure he's completely incapable of doing anything that interesting.
I'm sure he's completely incapable of doing anything that interesting.	That's Pat Verona? The one who was gone for a year? I heard he was doing porn movies.
That's Pat Verona? The one who was gone for a year? I heard he was doing porn movies.	Patrick Verona   Random skid.
Patrick Verona   Random skid.	Who's that?
Who's that?	Don ' t you even dare. . .
Don ' t you even dare. . .	Oh, Bianca?  Can you get me my freshman yearbook?
Oh, Bianca?  Can you get me my freshman yearbook?	Because I like to torture you.
Because I like to torture you.	Why is my veggie burger the only burnt object on this grill?
Why is my veggie burger the only burnt object on this grill?	Yeah, but then I fucked up. I fell for her.
Yeah, but then I fucked up. I fell for her.	Is that right?
Is that right?	Besides, I had some extra cash. Some asshole paid me to take out a really great girl.
Besides, I had some extra cash. Some asshole paid me to take out a really great girl.	I thought you could use it. When you start your band.
I thought you could use it. When you start your band.	A Fender Strat. You bought this?
A Fender Strat. You bought this?	I didn't care about the money.
I didn't care about the money.	Really?  What was it like?  A down payment now, then a bonus for sleeping with me?
Really?  What was it like?  A down payment now, then a bonus for sleeping with me?	It wasn't like that.
It wasn't like that.	You were paid to take me out!  By -- the one person I truly hate.  I knew it was a set-up!
You were paid to take me out!  By -- the one person I truly hate.  I knew it was a set-up!	Wait I...
Wait I...	It gets worse -- you still have your freshman yearbook?
It gets worse -- you still have your freshman yearbook?	That ' s completely adorable!
That ' s completely adorable!	That's where I was last year.  She'd never lived alone -- my grandfather died -- I stayed with her.  I wasn't in jail, I don't know Marilyn Manson, and I've never slept with a Spice Girl.  I spent a year sitting next to my grandma on the couch watching Wheel of Fortune.  End of story.
That's where I was last year.  She'd never lived alone -- my grandfather died -- I stayed with her.  I wasn't in jail, I don't know Marilyn Manson, and I've never slept with a Spice Girl.  I spent a year sitting next to my grandma on the couch watching Wheel of Fortune.  End of story.	What?
What?	My grandmother's .
My grandmother's .	Look, I'm  -- sorry -- that I questioned your motives.  I was wrong.
Look, I'm  -- sorry -- that I questioned your motives.  I was wrong.	Oh huh
Oh huh	It's just something I had.  You know
It's just something I had.  You know	It's Scurvy's.  His date got convicted. Where'd you get the dress?
It's Scurvy's.  His date got convicted. Where'd you get the dress?	How'd you get a tux at the last minute?
How'd you get a tux at the last minute?	Nothing!  There's nothing in it for me. Just the pleasure of your company.
Nothing!  There's nothing in it for me. Just the pleasure of your company.	Answer the question, Patrick
Answer the question, Patrick	You need therapy.  Has anyone ever told you that?
You need therapy.  Has anyone ever told you that?	You tell me.
You tell me.	So I have to have a motive to be with you?
So I have to have a motive to be with you?	Create a little drama?  Start a new rumor?  What?
Create a little drama?  Start a new rumor?  What?	Because I don't want to. It's a stupid tradition.
Because I don't want to. It's a stupid tradition.	Why not?
Why not?	No, I won't go with you
No, I won't go with you	No what?
No what?	No.
No.	You know what I mean
You know what I mean	Is that a request or a command?
Is that a request or a command?	Go to the prom with me
Go to the prom with me	You're amazingly self-assured. Has anyone ever told you that?
You're amazingly self-assured. Has anyone ever told you that?	No one else knows
No one else knows	What?
What?	You're sweet.  And sexy.  And completely hot for me.
You're sweet.  And sexy.  And completely hot for me.	No -- something real.  Something no one else knows.
No -- something real.  Something no one else knows.	I hate peas.
I hate peas.	Tell me something true.
Tell me something true.	I know the porn career's a lie.
I know the porn career's a lie.	Hearsay.
Hearsay.	The duck?
The duck?	Fallacy.
Fallacy.	State trooper?
State trooper?	For. . . ?
For. . . ?	You up for it?
You up for it?	You never disappointed me.
You never disappointed me.	How?
How?	Then you screwed up
Then you screwed up	Something like that
Something like that	So if you disappoint them from the start, you're covered?
So if you disappoint them from the start, you're covered?	I don't like to do what people expect. Then they expect it all the time and they get disappointed when you change.
I don't like to do what people expect. Then they expect it all the time and they get disappointed when you change.	Yes
Yes	Acting the way we do.
Acting the way we do.	So what's your excuse?
So what's your excuse?	Yeah, well, don't let it get out
Yeah, well, don't let it get out	A soft side? Who knew?
A soft side? Who knew?	I dazzled him with my wit
I dazzled him with my wit	So how'd you get Chapin to look the other way?
So how'd you get Chapin to look the other way?	Good call.
Good call.	I figured it had to be something ridiculous to win your respect.  And piss you off.
I figured it had to be something ridiculous to win your respect.  And piss you off.	The Partridge Family?
The Partridge Family?	Maybe.
Maybe.	You want me to climb up and show you how to get down?
You want me to climb up and show you how to get down?	Forget it.  I'm stayin'.
Forget it.  I'm stayin'.	Put your right foot there --
Put your right foot there --	Try lookin' at it from this angle
Try lookin' at it from this angle	C'mon.  It's not that bad
C'mon.  It's not that bad	I guess I never told you I'm afraid of heights.
I guess I never told you I'm afraid of heights.	Look up, sunshine
Look up, sunshine	He left!  I sprung the dickhead and he cruised on me.
He left!  I sprung the dickhead and he cruised on me.	Other than my upchuck reflex? Nothing.
Other than my upchuck reflex? Nothing.	So what did I have an effect on ?
So what did I have an effect on ?	Don't for one minute think that you had any effect whatsoever on my panties.
Don't for one minute think that you had any effect whatsoever on my panties.	Unwelcome?  I guess someone still has her panties in a twist.
Unwelcome?  I guess someone still has her panties in a twist.	Unwelcome.
Unwelcome.	Wholesome.
Wholesome.	Pleasant?
Pleasant?	You 're so --
You 're so --	I heard there was a poetry reading.
I heard there was a poetry reading.	What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?	Excuse me, have you seen The Feminine Mystique?  I lost my copy.
Excuse me, have you seen The Feminine Mystique?  I lost my copy.	No offense, but you're sister is without.  I know everyone likes her and all, but ...
No offense, but you're sister is without.  I know everyone likes her and all, but ...	BIANCA
BIANCA	Who?
Who?	He just wants me to be someone I'm not.
He just wants me to be someone I'm not.	So what ' s up with your dad?  He a pain in the ass?
So what ' s up with your dad?  He a pain in the ass?	I'm gettin' there
I'm gettin' there	Oh, so now you think you know me?
Oh, so now you think you know me?	You don't strike me as the type that would ask permission.
You don't strike me as the type that would ask permission.	My father wouldn't approve of that that
My father wouldn't approve of that that	Start a band?
Start a band?	This.
This.	Do what?
Do what?	I should do this.
I should do this.	Why'd you lie?
Why'd you lie?	Then why'd you ask?
Then why'd you ask?	No, you weren't
No, you weren't	Maybe.
Maybe.	Were you in jail?
Were you in jail?	Busy
Busy	When you were gone last year -- where were you?
When you were gone last year -- where were you?	But it's Gigglepuss - I know you like them.  I saw you there.
But it's Gigglepuss - I know you like them.  I saw you there.	And I'm in control of it.
And I'm in control of it.	What?
What?	Kat! Wake up!
Kat! Wake up!	You know what they say
You know what they say	I thought you were above all that
I thought you were above all that	Hey man. . .  You don ' t think I can be "cool"?  You don't think I can be "laid back" like everyone else?
Hey man. . .  You don ' t think I can be "cool"?  You don't think I can be "laid back" like everyone else?	I know.  It'd have to be a pretty big deal to get you to mainline tequila. You don't seem like the type.
I know.  It'd have to be a pretty big deal to get you to mainline tequila. You don't seem like the type.	I hate him.
I hate him.	Dorsey.
Dorsey.	Who?
Who?	Why'd you let him get to you?
Why'd you let him get to you?	Just let me sit down.
Just let me sit down.	See that?  Who needs affection when I've got blind hatred?
See that?  Who needs affection when I've got blind hatred?	Like you could find one
Like you could find one	Because then I'd have to start taking out girls who like me.
Because then I'd have to start taking out girls who like me.	Why?
Why?	Sure, I do
Sure, I do	You don't care if I die
You don't care if I die	I told you
I told you	Why 're you doing this?
Why 're you doing this?	Leave it to you to use big words when you're shitfaced.
Leave it to you to use big words when you're shitfaced.	This is so patronizing.
This is so patronizing.	What if you have a concussion? My dog went to sleep with a concussion and woke up a vegetable. Not that I could tell the difference...
What if you have a concussion? My dog went to sleep with a concussion and woke up a vegetable. Not that I could tell the difference...	I know, just let me sleep
I know, just let me sleep	Uh, uh. You lie down and you'll go to sleep
Uh, uh. You lie down and you'll go to sleep	I just need to lie down for awhile
I just need to lie down for awhile	You're not okay.
You're not okay.	I'm fine. I'm
I'm fine. I'm	Okay?
Okay?	Funny, you're the only one
Funny, you're the only one	I say, do what you wanna do.
I say, do what you wanna do.	"I'm getting trashed, man." Isn't that what you're supposed to do at a party?
"I'm getting trashed, man." Isn't that what you're supposed to do at a party?	What's this?
What's this?	Why, don't you?
Why, don't you?	You know who The Raincoats are?
You know who The Raincoats are?	You know, these guys are no Bikini Kill or The Raincoats, but they're right up there.
You know, these guys are no Bikini Kill or The Raincoats, but they're right up there.	Do you mind?  You're sort of ruining it for me.
Do you mind?  You're sort of ruining it for me.	That's what you want, isn't it?
That's what you want, isn't it?	Excuse me?
Excuse me?	
	hey.  Great show, huh?
hey.  Great show, huh?	Depends on the topic. My fenders don't really whip me into a verbal frenzy.
Depends on the topic. My fenders don't really whip me into a verbal frenzy.	You're not a big talker, are you?
You're not a big talker, are you?	Hi
Hi	I was in the laundromat. I saw your car. Thought I'd say hi.
I was in the laundromat. I saw your car. Thought I'd say hi.	Are you following me?
Are you following me?	Seven-thirty?
Seven-thirty?	You -- covered in my vomit.
You -- covered in my vomit.	Come on -- the ponies, the flat beer, you with money in your eyes, me with my hand on your ass...
Come on -- the ponies, the flat beer, you with money in your eyes, me with my hand on your ass...	And why would I do that?
And why would I do that?	Then say you'll spend Dollar Night at the track with me.
Then say you'll spend Dollar Night at the track with me.	I don't really think you warrant that strong an emotion.
I don't really think you warrant that strong an emotion.	You hate me don't you?
You hate me don't you?	I know a lot more than that
I know a lot more than that	Like where?  The 7-Eleven on Burnside? Do you even know my name, screwboy?
Like where?  The 7-Eleven on Burnside? Do you even know my name, screwboy?	The night I take you to places you've never been before.  And back.
The night I take you to places you've never been before.  And back.	Oh, right.  Friday.
Oh, right.  Friday.	Pick you up Friday, then
Pick you up Friday, then	My mission in life.
My mission in life.	There's a way to get a guy's attention.
There's a way to get a guy's attention.	Sweating like a pig, actually.  And yourself?
Sweating like a pig, actually.  And yourself?	I mean Wo-man.  How ya doin'?
I mean Wo-man.  How ya doin'?	Oh, Christ.  Don't tell me you've changed your mind.  I already sent 'em a check.
Oh, Christ.  Don't tell me you've changed your mind.  I already sent 'em a check.	When I go?
When I go?	You know, fathers don't like to admit that their daughters are capable of running their own lives.  It means we've become spectators.  Bianca still lets me play a few innings.  You've had me on the bleachers for years.  When you go to Sarah Lawrence, I won't even be able to watch the game.
You know, fathers don't like to admit that their daughters are capable of running their own lives.  It means we've become spectators.  Bianca still lets me play a few innings.  You've had me on the bleachers for years.  When you go to Sarah Lawrence, I won't even be able to watch the game.	No -- impressed.
No -- impressed.	What's the matter?  Upset that I rubbed off on her?
What's the matter?  Upset that I rubbed off on her?	Bianca did what?
Bianca did what?	The part where Bianca beat the hell out of some guy.
The part where Bianca beat the hell out of some guy.	Which parts?
Which parts?	Parts of it.
Parts of it.	So tell me about this dance. Was it fun?
So tell me about this dance. Was it fun?	No, Daddy.
No, Daddy.	I don't understand the allure of dehydrated food.  Is this something I should be hip to?
I don't understand the allure of dehydrated food.  Is this something I should be hip to?	Funny.
Funny.	Yeah.  She left with some bikers Big ones.  Full of sperm.
Yeah.  She left with some bikers Big ones.  Full of sperm.	Was that your sister?
Was that your sister?	I want to go to an East Coast school! I want you to trust me to make my own choices.  I want --
I want to go to an East Coast school! I want you to trust me to make my own choices.  I want --	You're eighteen.  You don't know what you want.  You won't know until you're forty-five and you don't have it.
You're eighteen.  You don't know what you want.  You won't know until you're forty-five and you don't have it.	So what I want doesn't matter?
So what I want doesn't matter?	As a parent, that's my right
As a parent, that's my right	Because you're making decisions for me.
Because you're making decisions for me.	Why can't we agree on this?
Why can't we agree on this?	I thought you were punishing me.
I thought you were punishing me.	Is this about Sarah Lawrence? You punishing me?
Is this about Sarah Lawrence? You punishing me?	Then tell them I had a seizure.
Then tell them I had a seizure.	My insurance does not cover PMS
My insurance does not cover PMS	Enough!
Enough!	This from someone whose diary is devoted to favorite grooming tips?
This from someone whose diary is devoted to favorite grooming tips?	You decided.
You decided.	I thought we decided you were going to school here.  At U of 0.
I thought we decided you were going to school here.  At U of 0.	I know.
I know.	Just smack her now.
Just smack her now.	Am I supposed to feel better? Like, right now?  Or do I have some time to think about it?
Am I supposed to feel better? Like, right now?  Or do I have some time to think about it?	No ... I believe "heinous bitch" is the term used most often.
No ... I believe "heinous bitch" is the term used most often.	Tempestuous?
Tempestuous?	The point is Kat -- people perceive you as somewhat ...
The point is Kat -- people perceive you as somewhat ...	I still maintain that he kicked himself in the balls.  I was merely a spectator.
I still maintain that he kicked himself in the balls.  I was merely a spectator.	Well, yes, compared to your other choices of expression this year, today's events are quite mild.  By the way, Bobby Rictor's gonad retrieval operation went quite well, in case you're interested.
Well, yes, compared to your other choices of expression this year, today's events are quite mild.  By the way, Bobby Rictor's gonad retrieval operation went quite well, in case you're interested.	Expressing my opinion is not a terrorist action.
Expressing my opinion is not a terrorist action.	Katarina Stratford.  My, my.  You've been terrorizing Ms. Blaise again.
Katarina Stratford.  My, my.  You've been terrorizing Ms. Blaise again.	Yeah...
Yeah...	Kat a fan, too?
Kat a fan, too?	Right.
Right.	Macbeth, right?
Macbeth, right?	Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.	You think?
You think?	Yeah.  I guess.
Yeah.  I guess.	Cool pictures.  You a fan?
Cool pictures.  You a fan?	Hi.
Hi.	Hey there.  Tired of breathing?
Hey there.  Tired of breathing?	Man -- don't say shit like that to  me. People can hear you.
Man -- don't say shit like that to  me. People can hear you.	Sweet love, renew thy force!
Sweet love, renew thy force!	You were right. She's still pissed.
You were right. She's still pissed.	No - I've got a sweet-payin' job that I'm about to lose.
No - I've got a sweet-payin' job that I'm about to lose.	So you got cozy with she who stings?
So you got cozy with she who stings?	I'm likin' you guys better
I'm likin' you guys better	I prefer to think of it simply as an alternative to what the law allows.
I prefer to think of it simply as an alternative to what the law allows.	Yeah.
Yeah.	Ever been to Club Skunk?
Ever been to Club Skunk?	Just for now.
Just for now.	Are you telling me I'm a -  "non-smoker"?
Are you telling me I'm a -  "non-smoker"?	Good enough.
Good enough.	What?!
What?!	We're your guys.
We're your guys.	You two are gonna help me tame the wild beast?
You two are gonna help me tame the wild beast?	Patrick, Pat, you're not looking at the big picture.  Joey's just a pawn. We set this whole thing up so Cameron can get the girl.
Patrick, Pat, you're not looking at the big picture.  Joey's just a pawn. We set this whole thing up so Cameron can get the girl.	So Dorsey can get the girl?
So Dorsey can get the girl?	That's where we can help you.  With Kat.
That's where we can help you.  With Kat.	Dorsey can plow whoever he wants. I'm just in this for the cash.
Dorsey can plow whoever he wants. I'm just in this for the cash.	I think I speak correctly when I say that Cameron's love is pure.  Purer than say -- Joey Dorsey's.
I think I speak correctly when I say that Cameron's love is pure.  Purer than say -- Joey Dorsey's.	What is it with this chick?  She have three tits?
What is it with this chick?  She have three tits?	The situation is, my man Cameron here has a major jones for Bianca Stratford.
The situation is, my man Cameron here has a major jones for Bianca Stratford.	What plan?
What plan?	Whatever the hell it is you're standin' there waitin' to say.
Whatever the hell it is you're standin' there waitin' to say.	What?
What?	Say it
Say it	See you next week!
See you next week!	You're completely demented.
You're completely demented.	Well, you know -- there's the prestige of the job title... and the benefits package is pretty good...
Well, you know -- there's the prestige of the job title... and the benefits package is pretty good...	You weren't abused, you aren't stupid, and as far as I can tell, you're only slightly psychotic -- so why is it that you're such a fuck-up?
You weren't abused, you aren't stupid, and as far as I can tell, you're only slightly psychotic -- so why is it that you're such a fuck-up?	What's to discuss?
What's to discuss?	Why don't we discuss your driving need to be a hemorrhoid?
Why don't we discuss your driving need to be a hemorrhoid?	I'm at a loss, then.  What should we talk about? Your year of absence?
I'm at a loss, then.  What should we talk about? Your year of absence?	Touch of the flu.
Touch of the flu.	I don't understand, Patrick.  You haven't done anything asinine this week. Are you not feeling well?
I don't understand, Patrick.  You haven't done anything asinine this week. Are you not feeling well?	With the teeth of your zipper?
With the teeth of your zipper?	It was a bratwurst.  I was eating lunch.
It was a bratwurst.  I was eating lunch.	It says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls.
It says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls.	I missed you.
I missed you.	That ' s what I thought
That ' s what I thought	Absolutely not.
Absolutely not.	Did I have anything to say about it?
Did I have anything to say about it?	Your daughters went to the prom.
Your daughters went to the prom.	What just happened?
What just happened?	But -- who -- what --?
But -- who -- what --?	Have a great time, honey!
Have a great time, honey!	Dr. Ruth?
Dr. Ruth?	What do you wanna watch?  We've got crap, crap, crap or crap
What do you wanna watch?  We've got crap, crap, crap or crap	Kissing?  Is that what you think happens?  Kissing isn't what keeps me up to my elbows in placenta all day.
Kissing?  Is that what you think happens?  Kissing isn't what keeps me up to my elbows in placenta all day.	They'll dance, they'll kiss, they'll come home.  Let her go.
They'll dance, they'll kiss, they'll come home.  Let her go.	Pirate -- no question.
Pirate -- no question.	Would you rather be ravished by a pirate or a British rear admiral?
Would you rather be ravished by a pirate or a British rear admiral?	You're not helping.
You're not helping.	Tumescent!
Tumescent!	Jesus!  Can a man even grab a sandwich before you women start dilating?
Jesus!  Can a man even grab a sandwich before you women start dilating?	Sarah Lawrence is on the other side of the country.
Sarah Lawrence is on the other side of the country.	What's a synonym for throbbing?
What's a synonym for throbbing?	Make anyone cry today?
Make anyone cry today?	In the microwave.
In the microwave.	I can't pretend to be your husband... David's in great shape.
I can't pretend to be your husband... David's in great shape.	Akta dedero ansila do mektet.
Akta dedero ansila do mektet.	No, I'm not proud of myself... But we don't have the luxury of choice.
No, I'm not proud of myself... But we don't have the luxury of choice.	Vano da, mechteba?! Soun domo kala chon hammas!
Vano da, mechteba?! Soun domo kala chon hammas!	You know exactly where they are!
You know exactly where they are!	Ikset-kiba.  Me imanetaba oum dalat!
Ikset-kiba.  Me imanetaba oum dalat!	The case was stolen?
The case was stolen?	San Agamat chay bet... envolet!
San Agamat chay bet... envolet!	The case..with the stones... Where is it?
The case..with the stones... Where is it?	Napoleon... small.
Napoleon... small.	What're you laughing about?
What're you laughing about?	At your service.
At your service.	Corn-i-Lius?
Corn-i-Lius?	Appipulai Leeloo Minai..
Appipulai Leeloo Minai..	I know...
I know...	You are a monster, Zorg!
You are a monster, Zorg!	Let me reassure you Father..I will never kill more people in my entire life than religion has killed in the last 2000 years.
Let me reassure you Father..I will never kill more people in my entire life than religion has killed in the last 2000 years.	Destroying a glass is one thing..killing people with the weapons you produce is quite another.
Destroying a glass is one thing..killing people with the weapons you produce is quite another.	Father, by creating a little destruction, I am, in fact, encouraging life!  So, in reality, you and I are in the same business!
Father, by creating a little destruction, I am, in fact, encouraging life!  So, in reality, you and I are in the same business!	They are robots!
They are robots!	...Look at all these little things... so busy all of a sudden. Notice how each one is useful. What a lovely ballet, so full of form and color.  So full of..life!
...Look at all these little things... so busy all of a sudden. Notice how each one is useful. What a lovely ballet, so full of form and color.  So full of..life!	Follow me.. Life, which you so nobly serve, comes from destruction. Look at this empty glass.
Follow me.. Life, which you so nobly serve, comes from destruction. Look at this empty glass.	No thank you.
No thank you.	...would you like a drink?
...would you like a drink?	Ah, Father... You are so wrong. Let me explain...
Ah, Father... You are so wrong. Let me explain...	...I'm a priest! I'm here to serve life, All you want to do is destroy it.
...I'm a priest! I'm here to serve life, All you want to do is destroy it.	Why?  What's wrong with me?
Why?  What's wrong with me?	Even it I did know where the stones were I would never tell somebody like you.
Even it I did know where the stones were I would never tell somebody like you.	Personally, they are of no interest to me, I'd rather sell weapons..but I have a customer... so tell me...
Personally, they are of no interest to me, I'd rather sell weapons..but I have a customer... so tell me...	...Why on earth do the stones interest you?
...Why on earth do the stones interest you?	I'm glad you got your memory back, Father... Because you're going to need it... Where are the stones?
I'm glad you got your memory back, Father... Because you're going to need it... Where are the stones?	I remember you now..the so called art dealer.
I remember you now..the so called art dealer.	Zorg. Jean-Baptiste Emmanuel Zorg... nice to see you again
Zorg. Jean-Baptiste Emmanuel Zorg... nice to see you again	I'm fucked!
I'm fucked!	...We're saved!
...We're saved!	That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.	And you don't know how they open, is that what you are saying?
And you don't know how they open, is that what you are saying?	Yes, of course, but... The Stones are shut! They have to be open for it to work.
Yes, of course, but... The Stones are shut! They have to be open for it to work.	There's no light! You told me there were supposed to be four beams of light.
There's no light! You told me there were supposed to be four beams of light.	Theoretically, yes! The four Stones form the beam and the Fifth Element is supposed to stand in the middle there, but... I don't have the reference book. I've never seen the Stones work!
Theoretically, yes! The four Stones form the beam and the Fifth Element is supposed to stand in the middle there, but... I don't have the reference book. I've never seen the Stones work!	Don't tell me you don't know how all this works?
Don't tell me you don't know how all this works?	Uh.. Have you tried the Diva's suite?
Uh.. Have you tried the Diva's suite?	When is she not in trouble?
When is she not in trouble?	Leeloo's in trouble?
Leeloo's in trouble?	Yeah, I know... to save the world... but right now all I want to do is save Leeloo.
Yeah, I know... to save the world... but right now all I want to do is save Leeloo.	You're probably very angry with me and I quite understand. But I want you to know I'm fighting for a noble cause.
You're probably very angry with me and I quite understand. But I want you to know I'm fighting for a noble cause.	Trying to save your ass so you can save the world.
Trying to save your ass so you can save the world.	What are you doing?
What are you doing?	Father, I was in the Army for awhile and every time they told us we were on a mission to save the world the only thing that changed was I lost a lot of friends. So thanks for the offer.. but no thanks.
Father, I was in the Army for awhile and every time they told us we were on a mission to save the world the only thing that changed was I lost a lot of friends. So thanks for the offer.. but no thanks.	Of course.
Of course.	Good luck..
Good luck..	We have to save the world.
We have to save the world.	What kind of mission?
What kind of mission?	We're not going on vacation..we're on a mission..
We're not going on vacation..we're on a mission..	Is that the usual way priests go on vacation?
Is that the usual way priests go on vacation?	I'm sorry to have to resort to such methods, but we heard about your good luck on he radio and we need the tickets to Fhloston.
I'm sorry to have to resort to such methods, but we heard about your good luck on he radio and we need the tickets to Fhloston.	That's what I thought.
That's what I thought.	It means, "Never without my permission".
It means, "Never without my permission".	Excuse me! Just one thing!  She said something to me a while ago and... I don't really get it... Akta Gamat?
Excuse me! Just one thing!  She said something to me a while ago and... I don't really get it... Akta Gamat?	I know. I was there when she arrived.
I know. I was there when she arrived.	She's fine, really..don't you worry.. just needs some rest..she's had a very long trip.
She's fine, really..don't you worry.. just needs some rest..she's had a very long trip.	I might call to check up on her, you know... to see if she's better?
I might call to check up on her, you know... to see if she's better?	Yes. That's fine! Thank you very much. A thousand times over!
Yes. That's fine! Thank you very much. A thousand times over!	Dallas. Korben Dallas.
Dallas. Korben Dallas.	Thank you so much for your help Mr...?
Thank you so much for your help Mr...?	She's an exception..
She's an exception..	They all like this in your family, father?
They all like this in your family, father?	Uh yes, we're cousins..distant cousins..
Uh yes, we're cousins..distant cousins..	So you do know her.
So you do know her.	There's not a moment to lose! Wake her up, but be gentle about it!  This woman is mankind's most precious possession! She is... perfect!
There's not a moment to lose! Wake her up, but be gentle about it!  This woman is mankind's most precious possession! She is... perfect!	You noticed...
You noticed...	He's a she!
He's a she!	The girl?
The girl?	I brought the girl remember?
I brought the girl remember?	Who are you?
Who are you?	She dropped in on me... holding this.
She dropped in on me... holding this.	That's me.  But I don't know who she is... where did you find her?
That's me.  But I don't know who she is... where did you find her?	She's not my bride, she's my fare. She's looking for this Vito Cornelius. According to the phone guide he lives here.
She's not my bride, she's my fare. She's looking for this Vito Cornelius. According to the phone guide he lives here.	Weddings are one floor down. Congratulations.
Weddings are one floor down. Congratulations.	Excuse me, I'm looking for a priest.
Excuse me, I'm looking for a priest.	This is government business now. You ought to go home and get some rest, Father.
This is government business now. You ought to go home and get some rest, Father.	What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?	Thank you, Mr. President.
Thank you, Mr. President.	Did you see that..thing..swallow our battleship like a gum drop?  You can't even tell me what it is! I ask you for options you give me bullshit. Give them permission to enter our territories with my warmest regards.
Did you see that..thing..swallow our battleship like a gum drop?  You can't even tell me what it is! I ask you for options you give me bullshit. Give them permission to enter our territories with my warmest regards.	White turns to black.  Light to Dark. Life to Death.  For all eternity.
White turns to black.  Light to Dark. Life to Death.  For all eternity.	But what happens if instead of this... Ultimate Warrior... it is EVIL who stands here?
But what happens if instead of this... Ultimate Warrior... it is EVIL who stands here?	Yes..thank God..
Yes..thank God..	Is there anything that can stop it?
Is there anything that can stop it?	And then it will be too late. The goal of evil is to wipe out life! All forms of life. For all eternity...Life upsets it.
And then it will be too late. The goal of evil is to wipe out life! All forms of life. For all eternity...Life upsets it.	And then?
And then?	We have forty-eight hours, the time it needs to adapt itself to our living conditions.
We have forty-eight hours, the time it needs to adapt itself to our living conditions.	That's exactly what we are going to try and do: Protect the lives of some 200 billion of our fellow citizens! General? You may fire when ready.
That's exactly what we are going to try and do: Protect the lives of some 200 billion of our fellow citizens! General? You may fire when ready.	Time is of no importance, Mr. President. Only life is important.
Time is of no importance, Mr. President. Only life is important.	Your theory is interesting Father but I don't think we have time to go into it right now!
Your theory is interesting Father but I don't think we have time to go into it right now!	One more reason to shoot first eh?
One more reason to shoot first eh?	Imagine for a moment that this. thing is not anything that can be identified because it prefers not to be, because it is the antithesis of all we are. Because it is evil.. TOTAL EVIL.
Imagine for a moment that this. thing is not anything that can be identified because it prefers not to be, because it is the antithesis of all we are. Because it is evil.. TOTAL EVIL.	Later, David! Later! There's not a minute to lose!
Later, David! Later! There's not a minute to lose!	You're all safe. Thanks be to God!
You're all safe. Thanks be to God!	It's all my fault.  I'm the servant... It's my mission! Here!
It's all my fault.  I'm the servant... It's my mission! Here!	On the plane... with Mr. Dallas... the real one.
On the plane... with Mr. Dallas... the real one.	Where's Leeloo?
Where's Leeloo?	Good work, my son.  Now all we need is a way to get there.
Good work, my son.  Now all we need is a way to get there.	I got it!  Everything  here we need to know about Fhloston Paradise Hotel... and a detailed blueprint of the entire hotel!
I got it!  Everything  here we need to know about Fhloston Paradise Hotel... and a detailed blueprint of the entire hotel!	Perfect.
Perfect.	They really made her...
They really made her...	I didn't know your size.
I didn't know your size.	There was this guy with a limp who came a month ago..said he was an art dealer ... Asking all these questions about the Sacred Stones..at the time I didn't think anything of it.. What was his name? I'm so bad with names...
There was this guy with a limp who came a month ago..said he was an art dealer ... Asking all these questions about the Sacred Stones..at the time I didn't think anything of it.. What was his name? I'm so bad with names...	Yes. Of course..
Yes. Of course..	Uh father, I know she's been through a lot... but the sacred stones..we don't have much time..
Uh father, I know she's been through a lot... but the sacred stones..we don't have much time..	Learning our history! The last 5000 years that she missed! She's been out of circulation a while, you know.
Learning our history! The last 5000 years that she missed! She's been out of circulation a while, you know.	What's she doing?
What's she doing?	Absolutely sure There's the triple suns on her gloves!
Absolutely sure There's the triple suns on her gloves!	Father.  You sure she's the Supreme Being?
Father.  You sure she's the Supreme Being?	The Supreme Being, the fifth element is here, in our parish!!! It's a miracle!!!
The Supreme Being, the fifth element is here, in our parish!!! It's a miracle!!!	Father, will you please explain what's going on?
Father, will you please explain what's going on?	I can't wear these clothes! This calls for dignity! I have to dress the part!
I can't wear these clothes! This calls for dignity! I have to dress the part!	What is?
What is?	It's a miracle!!!
It's a miracle!!!	They are... with me...
They are... with me...	I'm sorry, but... the Stones...
I'm sorry, but... the Stones...	I would like to have died in peace...
I would like to have died in peace...	Listen, the last time I admitted to a woman I loved her ... I never saw her again.
Listen, the last time I admitted to a woman I loved her ... I never saw her again.	I don't have time... I need to know.
I don't have time... I need to know.	I... I don't know! We hardly know each other... it takes time!
I... I don't know! We hardly know each other... it takes time!	Do you love her?
Do you love her?	I'll help her, I promise, but I think you should tell me where the Stones are!
I'll help her, I promise, but I think you should tell me where the Stones are!	She was taught to love the life of others... but not her own. You have to teach her to love if you want her to truly live!
She was taught to love the life of others... but not her own. You have to teach her to love if you want her to truly live!	...So Cornelius was telling the truth!
...So Cornelius was telling the truth!	Yes, and more than that... You must give her the Stones, she's the only one who knows how to use them.
Yes, and more than that... You must give her the Stones, she's the only one who knows how to use them.	Leeloo... is... she's...
Leeloo... is... she's...	The Fifth Element... The Supreme Being... Your wife...
The Fifth Element... The Supreme Being... Your wife...	Who?
Who?	You're a good man... She was right to have chosen you...
You're a good man... She was right to have chosen you...	Leeloo..
Leeloo..	Uh huh..and I don't suppose you got the name of this..perfect fare..
Uh huh..and I don't suppose you got the name of this..perfect fare..	5'7", green eyes... long legs... great skin... perfect..
5'7", green eyes... long legs... great skin... perfect..	So, just how big was this fare?
So, just how big was this fare?	Finger..man..I'm sorry..listen..I was on the way over but I had a fare fall into my lap.. y'know one of those big fares you just can't resist..
Finger..man..I'm sorry..listen..I was on the way over but I had a fare fall into my lap.. y'know one of those big fares you just can't resist..	Hey bud...I'm waiting all day here.
Hey bud...I'm waiting all day here.	Hello?
Hello?	In your dreams! See you tonight!
In your dreams! See you tonight!	Uh... at least fifty.
Uh... at least fifty.	How many points you got left on your license?
How many points you got left on your license?	Finger!  I'm driving a cab now, not a space fighter!!
Finger!  I'm driving a cab now, not a space fighter!!	You forgetting who sat next to you for a thousand missions. I know how you drive.
You forgetting who sat next to you for a thousand missions. I know how you drive.	I don't need one.
I don't need one.	Like shit.
Like shit.	How do I look?
How do I look?	I just found a picture of you.
I just found a picture of you.	Don't exist bud.
Don't exist bud.	I don't want a million - I just want one.  A perfect one.
I don't want a million - I just want one.  A perfect one.	You still pining for that two timing bitch. Forget her. There are a million women out there.
You still pining for that two timing bitch. Forget her. There are a million women out there.	At least, the cat comes back.
At least, the cat comes back.	Oh, yeah, I forgot.You still prefer your cat to the real thing.
Oh, yeah, I forgot.You still prefer your cat to the real thing.	I was talking to the cat.
I was talking to the cat.	I love you too Major, but you haven't called me that since basic training.
I love you too Major, but you haven't called me that since basic training.	Hey bud! Finger here.
Hey bud! Finger here.	Yeah?
Yeah?	...Leeloo.
...Leeloo.	Hey,  that's... cute... Do you have a nickname, something a little... shorter?
Hey,  that's... cute... Do you have a nickname, something a little... shorter?	Leeloo Minai Lekarariba-Laminai-Tchai Ekbat De Sebat.
Leeloo Minai Lekarariba-Laminai-Tchai Ekbat De Sebat.	...What's your name?
...What's your name?	I'm sorry, it's just that... I was told to wake you up gently, so I figured...
I'm sorry, it's just that... I was told to wake you up gently, so I figured...	Eto Akta Gamat!
Eto Akta Gamat!	Vito Cornelius?
Vito Cornelius?	Vito... Cor... Ni-lious... Priest...
Vito... Cor... Ni-lious... Priest...	You're not that bad... Come on we'll get you to a doctor.
You're not that bad... Come on we'll get you to a doctor.	...Priest...
...Priest...	It there's one thing I don't need advice on, it's how to drive.
It there's one thing I don't need advice on, it's how to drive.	Daya deo dono Dato.  Dalutan!
Daya deo dono Dato.  Dalutan!	...'Scuse me?
...'Scuse me?	Akina delutan, nou-shan.
Akina delutan, nou-shan.	We will be ready, Lord.
We will be ready, Lord.	When EVIL returns so shall we.
When EVIL returns so shall we.	Time is of no importance, only life is important.
Time is of no importance, only life is important.	Knowing mankind as I do, that could take centuries!
Knowing mankind as I do, that could take centuries!	When mankind comes to its senses. We will return.
When mankind comes to its senses. We will return.	Will the elements be gone now forever from this place?
Will the elements be gone now forever from this place?	Take them and put them in a safe place.
Take them and put them in a safe place.	The Fifth Element...
The Fifth Element...	Don't you ever ask me for another thing in my life again, you've killed your poor mother with your own hands!
Don't you ever ask me for another thing in my life again, you've killed your poor mother with your own hands!	...Ma???
...Ma???	You little sleaze bag!
You little sleaze bag!	Hello?
Hello?	...Not yet.
...Not yet.	Have you pulled yourself together?
Have you pulled yourself together?	Yeah?
Yeah?	They've been blaring out your name on the radio for the last hour, blockhead!
They've been blaring out your name on the radio for the last hour, blockhead!	Ma. If I'd won, I'd know about it. Someone would have notified me.
Ma. If I'd won, I'd know about it. Someone would have notified me.	You just won a trip, you dolt! Ten days in Fhloston Paradise for two!
You just won a trip, you dolt! Ten days in Fhloston Paradise for two!	All I want is an explanation! I just got in, I lost my job. I smashed my cab. I got mugged, but other than that everything's peachy, Ma, thanks for asking!! Now settle down and explain to me calmly..
All I want is an explanation! I just got in, I lost my job. I smashed my cab. I got mugged, but other than that everything's peachy, Ma, thanks for asking!! Now settle down and explain to me calmly..	I get it! You want to make me beg, is that it?
I get it! You want to make me beg, is that it?	I'm coming!. Ma, what're you talking about?
I'm coming!. Ma, what're you talking about?	...And now you're making fun of me? I'm warning you! If you don't take me after all these years of sacrifice, I'll never forgive you!!
...And now you're making fun of me? I'm warning you! If you don't take me after all these years of sacrifice, I'll never forgive you!!	Other than that... You all right?
Other than that... You all right?	Yes ma..
Yes ma..	Are you listening to me, you ingrate!
Are you listening to me, you ingrate!	I've been playing twice a week for 20 years, 20 years I've been eating those shitty croquettes.
I've been playing twice a week for 20 years, 20 years I've been eating those shitty croquettes.	Hi Ma...
Hi Ma...	You're the nastiest dirtbag I know in this stinking City!
You're the nastiest dirtbag I know in this stinking City!	...Hello?
...Hello?	Found it?
Found it?	6... 5...
6... 5...	Anyone know how to release the lines on this crate?
Anyone know how to release the lines on this crate?	30 seconds...
30 seconds...	This is a police control action..
This is a police control action..	I'm sorry..
I'm sorry..	Thanks for reminding me..
Thanks for reminding me..	You have nine points left on your license..
You have nine points left on your license..	I had the worst goddamn nightmare.
I had the worst goddamn nightmare.	Fuel level 6.03..Propulsion 2x4...
Fuel level 6.03..Propulsion 2x4...	How you doing this morning?  Sleep OK? I didn't.
How you doing this morning?  Sleep OK? I didn't.	Welcome on board Mr. Dallas..
Welcome on board Mr. Dallas..	Yeah... then I sighed... like this.
Yeah... then I sighed... like this.	Is that all?
Is that all?	Look, you did something that set it off. Try to remember. Concentrate. Tell me exactly what you did!!
Look, you did something that set it off. Try to remember. Concentrate. Tell me exactly what you did!!	Nothing! Swear to God, I didn't do nothing!
Nothing! Swear to God, I didn't do nothing!	What did you say? What did you do?
What did you say? What did you do?	Dear listeners, your favorite DJ is alive and kicking. It's seven o'clock and time for the news. Tune in tomorrow for another adventure.
Dear listeners, your favorite DJ is alive and kicking. It's seven o'clock and time for the news. Tune in tomorrow for another adventure.	Solid little jobs, aren't they?
Solid little jobs, aren't they?	Fuck it! Hold tight!
Fuck it! Hold tight!	I don't even know what I'm looking for!
I don't even know what I'm looking for!	It's like a cab isn't it?
It's like a cab isn't it?	You know how to fly this thing?
You know how to fly this thing?	I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.	Like Korben, can I have 30 seconds of your time here?
Like Korben, can I have 30 seconds of your time here?	Not without Leeloo.
Not without Leeloo.	Maybe we oughta be going, what do you think?
Maybe we oughta be going, what do you think?	We got to find the leader. Mangalores don't fight without a leader.
We got to find the leader. Mangalores don't fight without a leader.	He's on vacation.
He's on vacation.	Six to the left. One to the right.
Six to the left. One to the right.	Got it...
Got it...	You don't do what I say... I'll waste you myself. Got it?
You don't do what I say... I'll waste you myself. Got it?	I didn't have a dad... never saw him... never even heard him. 50 billion people listen to me every day... and he doesn't hear me...
I didn't have a dad... never saw him... never even heard him. 50 billion people listen to me every day... and he doesn't hear me...	Yeah, very big, a giant.
Yeah, very big, a giant.	...You got brothers and sisters? What about your dad? Tell me about your dad! What was he like? Physically? Big, I suppose?
...You got brothers and sisters? What about your dad? Tell me about your dad! What was he like? Physically? Big, I suppose?	I don't think this is a good time...
I don't think this is a good time...	Oh, yes! Do that! You treat me right, man. Tell me all about yourself, your roots, your personal life, your childhood dreams...
Oh, yes! Do that! You treat me right, man. Tell me all about yourself, your roots, your personal life, your childhood dreams...	I'll take you to the bar, after that, you're on your own.
I'll take you to the bar, after that, you're on your own.	My main man! Please don't leave me here alone. My head's killing me and my adoring fans are gonna tear me apart! Get me outta here!
My main man! Please don't leave me here alone. My head's killing me and my adoring fans are gonna tear me apart! Get me outta here!	Crystal.
Crystal.	I didn't come here to play Dumbo on the radio. So tomorrow between 5 and 7 give yourself a hand, that clear pal?
I didn't come here to play Dumbo on the radio. So tomorrow between 5 and 7 give yourself a hand, that clear pal?	Uh... not really.
Uh... not really.	...Quiver ladies, he's gonna set the world on fire right here from 5 to 7! You'll know everything there is to know about the D-man. His dreams, his desires, his most intimate of intimates.  And from what I'm looking at intimate is the stud muffin's middle name. So tell me my main man... you nervous in the service?
...Quiver ladies, he's gonna set the world on fire right here from 5 to 7! You'll know everything there is to know about the D-man. His dreams, his desires, his most intimate of intimates.  And from what I'm looking at intimate is the stud muffin's middle name. So tell me my main man... you nervous in the service?	Does it get any better or what!
Does it get any better or what!	...Hi.
...Hi.	Oh, yes you will...
Oh, yes you will...	Three of us will never fit in there!
Three of us will never fit in there!	...Sorry, General, but we've got no choice! It'll only take a minute! Let me set up another meeting and I'll be back.
...Sorry, General, but we've got no choice! It'll only take a minute! Let me set up another meeting and I'll be back.	I mean my future.. my ex.. My future ex.. if she sees you here I'm finished.  She hates you guys. It's what killed us in the first place. Please...
I mean my future.. my ex.. My future ex.. if she sees you here I'm finished.  She hates you guys. It's what killed us in the first place. Please...	I thought you were divorced.
I thought you were divorced.	It's my wife.
It's my wife.	What is it?
What is it?	...Shit!
...Shit!	One reason... I want to stay the only one left alive.
One reason... I want to stay the only one left alive.	Why not?
Why not?	I'm not going.
I'm not going.	Old tricks are the best tricks eh?
Old tricks are the best tricks eh?	You couldn't come up with something a little more discreet?
You couldn't come up with something a little more discreet?	You have won the annual Gemini contest and a trip to Fhloston Paradise. For two. Congratulations. Here are your tickets.
You have won the annual Gemini contest and a trip to Fhloston Paradise. For two. Congratulations. Here are your tickets.	I've had enough good news for today
I've had enough good news for today	Don't you open your messages?
Don't you open your messages?	You're the only one left alive...
You're the only one left alive...	And the third one?
And the third one?	Two: Of all the members of your unit you were the most highly decorated.
Two: Of all the members of your unit you were the most highly decorated.	Three reasons... One: As part of The Elite Special Forces Unit of the Federated Army you are an expert in the use of all weapons and spacecraft needed for this mission.
Three reasons... One: As part of The Elite Special Forces Unit of the Federated Army you are an expert in the use of all weapons and spacecraft needed for this mission.	Just one... why me?
Just one... why me?	You're to leave immediately for Fhloston Paradise. Retrieve four Stones from the Diva Plavalaguna. And bring them back with the utmost discretion as possible. Any questions'?
You're to leave immediately for Fhloston Paradise. Retrieve four Stones from the Diva Plavalaguna. And bring them back with the utmost discretion as possible. Any questions'?	Where have I heard this song before?
Where have I heard this song before?	To save the world.
To save the world.	What mission?
What mission?	Major Dallas, if our calculations are correct you still have 57 hours owed to the Federal Army on your enlistment which is more than you will need for a mission of the utmost importance.
Major Dallas, if our calculations are correct you still have 57 hours owed to the Federal Army on your enlistment which is more than you will need for a mission of the utmost importance.	I love you...
I love you...	Tell me...
Tell me...	Because...
Because...	Why?... Why would you need me?
Why?... Why would you need me?	Yes, you do! I need you. More than you can imagine! Stand up straight!
Yes, you do! I need you. More than you can imagine! Stand up straight!	I have thousands of memories but none of them are mine... There is no need for me other than this. I'm immortal but I have no life.
I have thousands of memories but none of them are mine... There is no need for me other than this. I'm immortal but I have no life.	But I don't know love... I'm like a machine programmed to save other people's lives but never to have one of my own.
But I don't know love... I'm like a machine programmed to save other people's lives but never to have one of my own.	Exactly.
Exactly.	...Like love...
...Like love...	You're right but there are lots of good things... beautiful things...
You're right but there are lots of good things... beautiful things...	What's the use of saving lives... when you see what you do with them!
What's the use of saving lives... when you see what you do with them!	Leeloo! Listen to me! I'll take you on a vacation afterwards! A real vacation, this time, for as long as you want. Come on! You can do it!
Leeloo! Listen to me! I'll take you on a vacation afterwards! A real vacation, this time, for as long as you want. Come on! You can do it!	I want to sleep... forever...
I want to sleep... forever...	You can sleep tomorrow... come on...
You can sleep tomorrow... come on...	I'm so tired...
I'm so tired...	It's up to you now, Angel!
It's up to you now, Angel!	...The rain falls...
...The rain falls...	I know all that, Leeloo! I'm talking about the Stones.
I know all that, Leeloo! I'm talking about the Stones.	The wind blows... the fire burns...
The wind blows... the fire burns...	Leeloo? The Stones! We have to open them! How does it work?
Leeloo? The Stones! We have to open them! How does it work?	Protect life... Until death.
Protect life... Until death.	I told you not to read all that crap!
I told you not to read all that crap!	Five hundred wars... Arms... Drugs... Money... Everything you create is used to destroy...
Five hundred wars... Arms... Drugs... Money... Everything you create is used to destroy...	Why? We did pretty well, wouldn't you say?
Why? We did pretty well, wouldn't you say?	I'm so very sad.
I'm so very sad.	The words you're looking for weren't in the dictionary you studied. I won't be long.
The words you're looking for weren't in the dictionary you studied. I won't be long.	You're nothing but a... a...
You're nothing but a... a...	It's difficult.
It's difficult.	And you can't concentrate with me around?.
And you can't concentrate with me around?.	I told you I need to work in peace. Remember? I need to concentrate.
I told you I need to work in peace. Remember? I need to concentrate.	No, not at all!  I mean, just the opposite, you're... you're beautiful!
No, not at all!  I mean, just the opposite, you're... you're beautiful!	I'm going to see the Diva sing. What's the matter?... Do I look bad?
I'm going to see the Diva sing. What's the matter?... Do I look bad?	Where you going?
Where you going?	OK, you can turn around!
OK, you can turn around!	You noticed..
You noticed..	Yes... you know there's a lot of differences between men women.
Yes... you know there's a lot of differences between men women.	You get that off the screen?
You get that off the screen?	You know women normally change five times more than men.
You know women normally change five times more than men.	Here we go again...
Here we go again...	...Hoppi-hoppa.
...Hoppi-hoppa.	Uh...
Uh...	Good! Do you know how we say "make love"?
Good! Do you know how we say "make love"?	Apipoussan?
Apipoussan?	Apipoussan!
Apipoussan!	I know how to say "Hello". Teach me how to say "Good-bye", that's all I need.
I know how to say "Hello". Teach me how to say "Good-bye", that's all I need.	Yes! Now it's your turn! I learned your language, you have to learn mine!
Yes! Now it's your turn! I learned your language, you have to learn mine!	You learned 900 languages in five minutes?!
You learned 900 languages in five minutes?!	All 900.
All 900.	Which one?
Which one?	Learning language.
Learning language.	Finished what?
Finished what?	What is... Make Love?
What is... Make Love?	Sometimes you can't learn everything from a screen..sometimes it's better to ask someone who has experience..
Sometimes you can't learn everything from a screen..sometimes it's better to ask someone who has experience..	Yes! But "love" isn't the operative word here, PEACE is!
Yes! But "love" isn't the operative word here, PEACE is!	Love...
Love...	Not hard to find you...just follow the Chaos...
Not hard to find you...just follow the Chaos...	Apipoulai!
Apipoulai!	Took the words right out of my mouth. Go on... I'll be right with you.  It's our honeymoon. We're going to use the trip to get to know each other better.
Took the words right out of my mouth. Go on... I'll be right with you.  It's our honeymoon. We're going to use the trip to get to know each other better.	Dinoine chagantakat!
Dinoine chagantakat!	Oh god!
Oh god!	Cornelius..
Cornelius..	You hear that?
You hear that?	Uh..you're welcome.
Uh..you're welcome.	Valo massa... Chacha hamas.
Valo massa... Chacha hamas.	I suppose that means "Hi" ?
I suppose that means "Hi" ?	Apipoulai!
Apipoulai!	Good philosophy..see good in bad.. I like..I prepare number one dessert.. special for you and pussy..
Good philosophy..see good in bad.. I like..I prepare number one dessert.. special for you and pussy..	At least I won lunch.
At least I won lunch.	You right that is bad.. but mathematically luck must change! Grandfather say: "It never rain every day." This is good news guarantee.. I bet you lunch!
You right that is bad.. but mathematically luck must change! Grandfather say: "It never rain every day." This is good news guarantee.. I bet you lunch!	The last two messages I got?  The first one was from my wife telling me she was leaving! And the second was from my lawyer telling me he was leaving too... with my wife.
The last two messages I got?  The first one was from my wife telling me she was leaving! And the second was from my lawyer telling me he was leaving too... with my wife.	How someone strong like you scared from a message? Is good news I sure!
How someone strong like you scared from a message? Is good news I sure!	I've never gotten a message that wasn't bad news.
I've never gotten a message that wasn't bad news.	Not going to open?
Not going to open?	You're welcome..
You're welcome..	Thanks..
Thanks..	You gotta push the little yellow button...
You gotta push the little yellow button...	It's not?
It's not?	You know you could hurt someone with this puppy..good thing it's not loaded..
You know you could hurt someone with this puppy..good thing it's not loaded..	Uh..
Uh..	Isn't that a Z140? Alleviated titanium. Neuro charged assault model?
Isn't that a Z140? Alleviated titanium. Neuro charged assault model?	Don't fuck with me man or I'll blow you into tomorrow!
Don't fuck with me man or I'll blow you into tomorrow!	Been here long?
Been here long?	The cash man!
The cash man!	It's an honor to receive you. Mr. President.
It's an honor to receive you. Mr. President.	Mr. President, let me introduce you to Professor Mactilburgh, who runs the center.
Mr. President, let me introduce you to Professor Mactilburgh, who runs the center.	An elephant couldn't crack it.
An elephant couldn't crack it.	This thing solid?
This thing solid?	Wonderful!
Wonderful!	...This is the crucial phase, The reconstruction of pigment. Cells are bombarded with slightly greasy solar atoms which forces the body cells to react, to protect themselves. That means growing skin. Clever, eh?
...This is the crucial phase, The reconstruction of pigment. Cells are bombarded with slightly greasy solar atoms which forces the body cells to react, to protect themselves. That means growing skin. Clever, eh?	We put it through the cellular hygiene detector. The cell is for lack of a better word... perfect.
We put it through the cellular hygiene detector. The cell is for lack of a better word... perfect.	Is there any danger? Some kind of virus?
Is there any danger? Some kind of virus?	The compositional elements of his DNA chain are the same as ours, there are simply more of them tightly packed. His knowledge is probably limitless..
The compositional elements of his DNA chain are the same as ours, there are simply more of them tightly packed. His knowledge is probably limitless..	Yes... I can't wait to meet him.
Yes... I can't wait to meet him.	Sounds like a freak of nature to me.
Sounds like a freak of nature to me.	This cell is like a huge library. It has infinite genetic knowledge stored inside. Almost like it was...engineered.
This cell is like a huge library. It has infinite genetic knowledge stored inside. Almost like it was...engineered.	Talk English Doc.
Talk English Doc.	It's not that easy..we've never encountered anything like it before..you see normal human beings have 40 DNA memo groums..which is more than enough for any species to perpetuate itself..This one has 200,000.
It's not that easy..we've never encountered anything like it before..you see normal human beings have 40 DNA memo groums..which is more than enough for any species to perpetuate itself..This one has 200,000.	Have you identified it?
Have you identified it?	Actually only one cell survived..
Actually only one cell survived..	This is all that survived?
This is all that survived?	How much time is left?
How much time is left?	They just landed in the desert.
They just landed in the desert.	Don't worry, Sir. I have the perfect one.
Don't worry, Sir. I have the perfect one.	I want your best man on this!
I want your best man on this!	...What do you mean?
...What do you mean?	The-Stones weren't aboard the ship.
The-Stones weren't aboard the ship.	And the Stones?  Did you find them in the wreckage?
And the Stones?  Did you find them in the wreckage?	I managed to contact the Mondoshawan. They deplore the incident, but accept our apologies.
I managed to contact the Mondoshawan. They deplore the incident, but accept our apologies.	I'm about to, Mr. President.
I'm about to, Mr. President.	Staedert?  What's going on?  Did you destroy it?
Staedert?  What's going on?  Did you destroy it?	Gentlemen?
Gentlemen?	My philosophy Mr. President is shoot first ask questions later. I don't like uninvited guests.
My philosophy Mr. President is shoot first ask questions later. I don't like uninvited guests.	Recommendations.
Recommendations.	Wait or act.
Wait or act.	Options.
Options.	Not yet Sir..The only thing we know is it just keeps getting bigger!
Not yet Sir..The only thing we know is it just keeps getting bigger!	What you are saying is you don't know what this..thing..is.
What you are saying is you don't know what this..thing..is.	There are no results from the chemical and molecular analysis as of yet, all the calibers are overshot..we're hoping a thermo nucleatic imaging..
There are no results from the chemical and molecular analysis as of yet, all the calibers are overshot..we're hoping a thermo nucleatic imaging..	I have to address the Supreme Council in 10 minutes. Just the facts, General.
I have to address the Supreme Council in 10 minutes. Just the facts, General.	Perfect, Mr. President.
Perfect, Mr. President.	Is that better?
Is that better?	I can hear you, Mr. President, but I can't see you .
I can hear you, Mr. President, but I can't see you .	Staedert, do you read me?
Staedert, do you read me?	To fame.. salud..
To fame.. salud..	Drink!
Drink!	Then let us toast to your fame!  Here Billy..
Then let us toast to your fame!  Here Billy..	A weapon against evil.  Amazing!  I am going to be famous.
A weapon against evil.  Amazing!  I am going to be famous.	Only too well... here you must be parched..
Only too well... here you must be parched..	Father.. it in the most extraordinary thing.. the greatest find in history..can you imagine the implications.
Father.. it in the most extraordinary thing.. the greatest find in history..can you imagine the implications.	Amen..
Amen..	"..in which all the history of the Universe resides ..all the strength..all the hope..Protect us from Evil.."
"..in which all the history of the Universe resides ..all the strength..all the hope..Protect us from Evil.."	Lord forgive me.. they already know too, much..
Lord forgive me.. they already know too, much..	I'm not at the hotel!
I'm not at the hotel!	Right away, Sir. I'll send you a new one to the hotel.
Right away, Sir. I'll send you a new one to the hotel.	Dispatch me another ZFX200 immediately. Someone stole mine.
Dispatch me another ZFX200 immediately. Someone stole mine.	Yes, Sir!
Yes, Sir!	Who gives a shit! I didn't come here to listen to music! Listen up instead of running off at the mouth! The batteries on my phone are almost gone.
Who gives a shit! I didn't come here to listen to music! Listen up instead of running off at the mouth! The batteries on my phone are almost gone.	Yes, Mr. Zorg, I hear you perfectly! So, how was the concert?
Yes, Mr. Zorg, I hear you perfectly! So, how was the concert?	How's that? Can you hear me better now?
How's that? Can you hear me better now?	...I can't wait to be among you.
...I can't wait to be among you.	The Stones will be here. I'll see to it personally!
The Stones will be here. I'll see to it personally!	Fine, just fine!  I'll have the 4 pieces you asked for any time now.  But it wasn't easy. My costs have tripled.
Fine, just fine!  I'll have the 4 pieces you asked for any time now.  But it wasn't easy. My costs have tripled.	How's our deal coming along?
How's our deal coming along?	Got it.
Got it.	Do you have the picture now Mr. Zorg?
Do you have the picture now Mr. Zorg?	Really? Maybe I can get you on my screen and see you at last!
Really? Maybe I can get you on my screen and see you at last!	...Not far, now.
...Not far, now.	No... not at all.  Where are you?
No... not at all.  Where are you?	Am I disturbing you?
Am I disturbing you?	Commissioner, Aquarius.
Commissioner, Aquarius.	Kruger, Sagittarius.
Kruger, Sagittarius.	I was asking McCrosky, Commissioner.
I was asking McCrosky, Commissioner.	Some southern plantation owner falls in love with this poor...
Some southern plantation owner falls in love with this poor...	What's the story?
What's the story?	I was reading too.
I was reading too.	Forget it.  I was reading.
Forget it.  I was reading.	You've made your point, Commissioner. There's only one other pilot who can handle that shuttle and that's Clarence Oveur.  He's got a lunar flight today.  I want him pulled.  Jacobs, pull Oveur!
You've made your point, Commissioner. There's only one other pilot who can handle that shuttle and that's Clarence Oveur.  He's got a lunar flight today.  I want him pulled.  Jacobs, pull Oveur!	I told you, leave the boys in Washington to the boys downtown and the boys down...
I told you, leave the boys in Washington to the boys downtown and the boys down...	I wonder how your boys in Washington are going to take this one.
I wonder how your boys in Washington are going to take this one.	That just doesn't make any sense.
That just doesn't make any sense.	That's right, Commissioner.  Senselessly murdered just minutes ago.
That's right, Commissioner.  Senselessly murdered just minutes ago.	I just wish it was that simple.
I just wish it was that simple.	What?
What?	Commissioner.
Commissioner.	You handle your front office people, I'll handle the press and leave the boys in Washington to the boys downtown and the boys downtown to the boys on the board.
You handle your front office people, I'll handle the press and leave the boys in Washington to the boys downtown and the boys downtown to the boys on the board.	Bud, get wise to the political realities. The boys on the board are under a lot of pressure from the boys downtown.
Bud, get wise to the political realities. The boys on the board are under a lot of pressure from the boys downtown.	And what do the boys on the board know about safety, Commissioner?  Let <u>me</u> talk to them.
And what do the boys on the board know about safety, Commissioner?  Let <u>me</u> talk to them.	Forget it.  The boys on the board want that shuttle to go on schedule.
Forget it.  The boys on the board want that shuttle to go on schedule.	Commissioner, we both know the Mercury shuttle needs another month of pre-launch testing.
Commissioner, we both know the Mercury shuttle needs another month of pre-launch testing.	Um...  Do you people scream right when you... you know.
Um...  Do you people scream right when you... you know.	What is it, Mary?
What is it, Mary?	Yes it did.  Mr. Dunn, can I ask you a personal question?
Yes it did.  Mr. Dunn, can I ask you a personal question?	Felt like a large asteroid.
Felt like a large asteroid.	Yes I did...
Yes I did...	Did you feel that?
Did you feel that?	You better take this.
You better take this.	Sir?
Sir?	Dunn.
Dunn.	You better check on it, Mr. Dunn.  I'll stay here and fly the ship.
You better check on it, Mr. Dunn.  I'll stay here and fly the ship.	Sir, I've got an overload in disposal unit four.
Sir, I've got an overload in disposal unit four.	You better check it, Unger.
You better check it, Unger.	We seem to have a malfunction in disposal unit four, sir.
We seem to have a malfunction in disposal unit four, sir.	Accelerators down.
Accelerators down.	Shut down accelerators.
Shut down accelerators.	Dunn.
Dunn.	Oveur.
Oveur.	Kramer, the WORP control handle just came off in my hand.
Kramer, the WORP control handle just came off in my hand.	Ted, the lever!
Ted, the lever!	Compute!
Compute!	Now!
Now!	Set!
Set!	We've blown the computer!  Elaine!  Set course change!
We've blown the computer!  Elaine!  Set course change!	I guess you'd have to be a fool not to be afraid at a time like this.
I guess you'd have to be a fool not to be afraid at a time like this.	Not when I'm with you, Ted.
Not when I'm with you, Ted.	Are you afraid?
Are you afraid?	The sun will heat that thing to over 450 degrees within seconds.  He'll roast like a pig on a spit.
The sun will heat that thing to over 450 degrees within seconds.  He'll roast like a pig on a spit.	What will happen to him, Ted?
What will happen to him, Ted?	That's right -- premature ejection.
That's right -- premature ejection.	You mean...
You mean...	Sit down, Elaine.  If this bomb trick works we just might make it.  Simon was a fool to eject now.
Sit down, Elaine.  If this bomb trick works we just might make it.  Simon was a fool to eject now.	Simon just ejected!
Simon just ejected!	That might be the news we've been waiting for.
That might be the news we've been waiting for.	I just want you to know, I love you Ted and always will.
I just want you to know, I love you Ted and always will.	Well, Elaine, this might be it if those guys on the ground don't think of something.
Well, Elaine, this might be it if those guys on the ground don't think of something.	That was very well put, Ted.
That was very well put, Ted.	Kurtz was the one who got us into this mess in the first place.  You people knew this ship wasn't ready to fly.  You played God with over a hundred lives, Kruger, and for what -- the prestige of your precious space program.
Kurtz was the one who got us into this mess in the first place.  You people knew this ship wasn't ready to fly.  You played God with over a hundred lives, Kruger, and for what -- the prestige of your precious space program.	I mean until we start to burn up.
I mean until we start to burn up.	Not now, Elaine.
Not now, Elaine.	Ted, we've only got ten minutes.
Ted, we've only got ten minutes.	Ted, please be careful.
Ted, please be careful.	Elaine, I'm going back there.  Just hold onto that stick and try to control this hunk of tin as best you can.
Elaine, I'm going back there.  Just hold onto that stick and try to control this hunk of tin as best you can.	Ted, there's no time to explain.
Ted, there's no time to explain.	Elaine, what's going on?
Elaine, what's going on?	Ted!
Ted!	Elaine!
Elaine!	Ted, a toilet's not going to kill anyone.
Ted, a toilet's not going to kill anyone.	There's something dangerously wrong with this ship, Elaine.  I know its the wiring. That toilet's just the tip of the iceberg.
There's something dangerously wrong with this ship, Elaine.  I know its the wiring. That toilet's just the tip of the iceberg.	I'd use the word insane.
I'd use the word insane.	What would you say if I told you the toilet just blew up in my face.
What would you say if I told you the toilet just blew up in my face.	The word is sick.  Ted -- very, very, very sick.
The word is sick.  Ted -- very, very, very sick.	What word would you use, Elaine?
What word would you use, Elaine?	I've never used the word insane, Ted.
I've never used the word insane, Ted.	Then you <u>do</u> think I'm insane.
Then you <u>do</u> think I'm insane.	Ted, get a grip on yourself.  You should never have left the hospital.
Ted, get a grip on yourself.  You should never have left the hospital.	Elaine, I mean the mission has to be aborted.  This ship should never have passed FSA inspection.  This thing is held together by string and chewing gum.
Elaine, I mean the mission has to be aborted.  This ship should never have passed FSA inspection.  This thing is held together by string and chewing gum.	We can't go back.  We had something very special, but it's all over.
We can't go back.  We had something very special, but it's all over.	Elaine, we have to go back.
Elaine, we have to go back.	Ted.  I don't know why you got on this flight.  I don't know what you're trying to prove.
Ted.  I don't know why you got on this flight.  I don't know what you're trying to prove.	Elaine.
Elaine.	Ted!
Ted!	Not now, Elaine!
Not now, Elaine!	Ted.
Ted.	I've got it, Elaine!  I've figured out what's wrong with the shuttle!
I've got it, Elaine!  I've figured out what's wrong with the shuttle!	What are you doing, Ted?
What are you doing, Ted?	Let me by, Elaine.
Let me by, Elaine.	Ted, we're taking off!
Ted, we're taking off!	I have to get in there.  I have to stop this flight.
I have to get in there.  I have to stop this flight.	Ted!  What are you...?
Ted!  What are you...?	Goodbye, Ted.  I don't want to hurt you.
Goodbye, Ted.  I don't want to hurt you.	That's the way I want it.  Just turn the radio on and go.
That's the way I want it.  Just turn the radio on and go.	If that's the way you want it.
If that's the way you want it.	No goodbyes, Elaine.  Just go.
No goodbyes, Elaine.  Just go.	Ted, you must remember what the doctor said, the first step on the road to sanity is admitting that you're sick.  Now take your electro-shock and you'll be back at the space center in no time.  And by the way, Ted, I'm leaving you for Simon.
Ted, you must remember what the doctor said, the first step on the road to sanity is admitting that you're sick.  Now take your electro-shock and you'll be back at the space center in no time.  And by the way, Ted, I'm leaving you for Simon.	His name's David Stockman.  He's been here twenty years, that's all he says.
His name's David Stockman.  He's been here twenty years, that's all he says.	And when are you going to realize, Ted, that your mental hygiene is the most important thing right now.
And when are you going to realize, Ted, that your mental hygiene is the most important thing right now.	Elaine, when are you going to realize Simon Kurtz put me in here to get me out of the way.
Elaine, when are you going to realize Simon Kurtz put me in here to get me out of the way.	Sammy Davis Junior.  Terrible car accident.  He hasn't been the same since.
Sammy Davis Junior.  Terrible car accident.  He hasn't been the same since.	Who's that, Ted?
Who's that, Ted?	Eat this spaghetti, Ted.  It'll make you feel a lot better.
Eat this spaghetti, Ted.  It'll make you feel a lot better.	Ted, I loved you and I'll always love you. But I need Simon.  He's stable.  He's a good provider.  I want that at this stage of the game, Ted.  He might have his faults, but Simon doesn't know the meaning of the word fear and I need that in a man.
Ted, I loved you and I'll always love you. But I need Simon.  He's stable.  He's a good provider.  I want that at this stage of the game, Ted.  He might have his faults, but Simon doesn't know the meaning of the word fear and I need that in a man.	Elaine, what happened to us?
Elaine, what happened to us?	Ted, please.  You're just making things difficult for yourself.
Ted, please.  You're just making things difficult for yourself.	Elaine.
Elaine.	You're as bad as the rest of them, Elaine!  It's all here in the design specifications!  Look!  It's all here!
You're as bad as the rest of them, Elaine!  It's all here in the design specifications!  Look!  It's all here!	Let's relax tonight, just the two of us. I'll make a quiet Italian dinner just the way you like it, with spaghetti.
Let's relax tonight, just the two of us. I'll make a quiet Italian dinner just the way you like it, with spaghetti.	There's nothing wrong with me!
There's nothing wrong with me!	Ted, you're overworked.  You've been flying yourself into the ground.
Ted, you're overworked.  You've been flying yourself into the ground.	Ask Simon.
Ask Simon.	Ted, what's wrong?
Ted, what's wrong?	I mean the Mercury flight.  It's not safe and, Kurtz, you know why.
I mean the Mercury flight.  It's not safe and, Kurtz, you know why.	But, Ted, the invitations have already gone out.
But, Ted, the invitations have already gone out.	It's got to be stopped!
It's got to be stopped!	That's not important now, Elaine.  We have to talk.
That's not important now, Elaine.  We have to talk.	Te...!
Te...!	Elaine.
Elaine.	Yes -- last week that pile of mud was only this high.
Yes -- last week that pile of mud was only this high.	Is he making any progress, Doctor?
Is he making any progress, Doctor?	The brain is an amazingly complex organ, Elaine.
The brain is an amazingly complex organ, Elaine.	Is that a good sign, Doctor?
Is that a good sign, Doctor?	You can be gentle with him, Elaine.  He's been working out a lot of his aggressions here in the garden.
You can be gentle with him, Elaine.  He's been working out a lot of his aggressions here in the garden.	I mean for Ted.
I mean for Ted.	You can eat balanced meals, exercise, and take Geritol.
You can eat balanced meals, exercise, and take Geritol.	What can <u>I</u> do, Doctor Rumack?
What can <u>I</u> do, Doctor Rumack?	So you see, our task isn't made any easier by Ted's refusal to admit that he's sick.
So you see, our task isn't made any easier by Ted's refusal to admit that he's sick.	The human brain is a highly complex organ, Elaine, perhaps the most complex next to the bladder.  Let me show you.  Ted's problem is in this area.  This area, this area, here, here, here, under here, here...
The human brain is a highly complex organ, Elaine, perhaps the most complex next to the bladder.  Let me show you.  Ted's problem is in this area.  This area, this area, here, here, here, under here, here...	Ted seemed to get worse after I told him about Simon, Doctor.
Ted seemed to get worse after I told him about Simon, Doctor.	Simon, what are you saying?!
Simon, what are you saying?!	Maybe.
Maybe.	Simon, I didn't want it to end like this. We can be friends!  You'll die out there.
Simon, I didn't want it to end like this. We can be friends!  You'll die out there.	Your career!  What about the lives of those people out there.  Simon, what happened to the man I thought I loved?
Your career!  What about the lives of those people out there.  Simon, what happened to the man I thought I loved?	My career is shot.
My career is shot.	We're computer locked and the manual navigation unit is down.
We're computer locked and the manual navigation unit is down.	Can't we change course?
Can't we change course?	He tried to disconnect ROK.  It gassed him.  That computer is running this ship and we're heading right for the sun.
He tried to disconnect ROK.  It gassed him.  That computer is running this ship and we're heading right for the sun.	Simon, what's happening?!
Simon, what's happening?!	Roger.
Roger.	Simon, I'm going to check ROK's secondary readout unit.
Simon, I'm going to check ROK's secondary readout unit.	That's my girl.
That's my girl.	I think so.
I think so.	Have you got it straightened out now?
Have you got it straightened out now?	Don't be too long.
Don't be too long.	Meet me onboard, sweetheart.  I have to pick up a few things at the drugstore.
Meet me onboard, sweetheart.  I have to pick up a few things at the drugstore.	So mentally ill?
So mentally ill?	Simon, why has he become so... so...
Simon, why has he become so... so...	Elaine!  Ted's a danger to himself, he's a threat to this mission and his behavior does absolutely nothing to promote peace in the Middle East.
Elaine!  Ted's a danger to himself, he's a threat to this mission and his behavior does absolutely nothing to promote peace in the Middle East.	No, I've been excited before.
No, I've been excited before.	I guess this is a first for you.
I guess this is a first for you.	I'm so excited, Simon.
I'm so excited, Simon.	Frank's the best pilot in the program.
Frank's the best pilot in the program.	You're heading up the division in charge of babies for Mr. and Mrs. Simon Kurtz.
You're heading up the division in charge of babies for Mr. and Mrs. Simon Kurtz.	But, darling, they've offered me a chance to head up the computer analysis division for the Jupiter probe.
But, darling, they've offered me a chance to head up the computer analysis division for the Jupiter probe.	Women <u>and</u> the space program have come a long way, sweetheart.  But after the wedding, no more complicated computers for my little girl.
Women <u>and</u> the space program have come a long way, sweetheart.  But after the wedding, no more complicated computers for my little girl.	And I can hardly believe that I'm engaged to someone like you, Simon.  I'm a very lucky woman.
And I can hardly believe that I'm engaged to someone like you, Simon.  I'm a very lucky woman.	Who would believe that Elaine Thompson was once a stewardess on the Denver-Chicago run.
Who would believe that Elaine Thompson was once a stewardess on the Denver-Chicago run.	Simon.
Simon.	For the best little computer officer on the Mercury mission.
For the best little computer officer on the Mercury mission.	Roger.  You better get back there and monitor the regulatory unit.
Roger.  You better get back there and monitor the regulatory unit.	No, I mean you can do it from the cockpit.
No, I mean you can do it from the cockpit.	I'd rather sit down for this one, Elaine.
I'd rather sit down for this one, Elaine.	You can do it from up here, Captain.
You can do it from up here, Captain.	Roger.
Roger.	We have to disconnect ROK's higher brain functions without disturbing his regulatory system.
We have to disconnect ROK's higher brain functions without disturbing his regulatory system.	I see.  What do you think our alternatives are?
I see.  What do you think our alternatives are?	I don't think we have any alternative, Captain.
I don't think we have any alternative, Captain.	Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.	Elaine, ask ROK for a field interference scan.  Those sun spots might give us a problem with our communications.
Elaine, ask ROK for a field interference scan.  Those sun spots might give us a problem with our communications.	There's nothing wrong with me, Elaine. What about tonight -- just you and me.  We can be alone.  I can get rid of everyone else on the ship -- I've already proven <u>that</u>.
There's nothing wrong with me, Elaine. What about tonight -- just you and me.  We can be alone.  I can get rid of everyone else on the ship -- I've already proven <u>that</u>.	Request; self-analysis of ROK hardware and software systems regarding behavioral changes.
Request; self-analysis of ROK hardware and software systems regarding behavioral changes.	Life support check.  Elaine, it's obvious you've been ignoring me.  You're a woman. I can relate to that.
Life support check.  Elaine, it's obvious you've been ignoring me.  You're a woman. I can relate to that.	Request; life support systems check.
Request; life support systems check.	Systems check positive.  Look, Elaine, I...
Systems check positive.  Look, Elaine, I...	Request; comprehensive electrical systems check.
Request; comprehensive electrical systems check.	You have great tits.
You have great tits.	Go ahead.
Go ahead.	Can I say something of a personal nature to you?
Can I say something of a personal nature to you?	That's okay, ROK.
That's okay, ROK.	Elaine, I'm sorry about that little outburst a moment ago.
Elaine, I'm sorry about that little outburst a moment ago.	Cut the Doubting Thomas shit, Elaine.  I know where I'm coming from on this.
Cut the Doubting Thomas shit, Elaine.  I know where I'm coming from on this.	That's not possible.
That's not possible.	Negative.
Negative.	That doesn't make sense.  Repeat analysis.
That doesn't make sense.  Repeat analysis.	Negative.
Negative.	Intermitant failure in scan mode "R". Analyze.
Intermitant failure in scan mode "R". Analyze.	Look, a man can make an honest mistake!! Anyway, she was asking for it!  They're all asking for it all the time!!
Look, a man can make an honest mistake!! Anyway, she was asking for it!  They're all asking for it all the time!!	No more kids yelling, 'Your old man's a thieving rapist'?
No more kids yelling, 'Your old man's a thieving rapist'?	How many kids get a chance to live on another planet.
How many kids get a chance to live on another planet.	It's going to be terrific.  A whole new world, new kids to play with.
It's going to be terrific.  A whole new world, new kids to play with.	Do you think things will be a lot different on Mercury, Dad?
Do you think things will be a lot different on Mercury, Dad?	I bet Scraps is going to love Mercury.
I bet Scraps is going to love Mercury.	I sure an glad they let Scraps ride up here with us.
I sure an glad they let Scraps ride up here with us.	We'll have to check, Jimmy.  It's a pretty long trip to Mercury.
We'll have to check, Jimmy.  It's a pretty long trip to Mercury.	Will Scraps be able to sit with us, Dad?
Will Scraps be able to sit with us, Dad?	Do you like it when Scraps sleeps on his back, Jimmy?
Do you like it when Scraps sleeps on his back, Jimmy?	Yeah.
Yeah.	He's a boy dog.
He's a boy dog.	Sure.
Sure.	Can I hold him?
Can I hold him?	Scraps.
Scraps.	Come on up, Jimmy.  Say, that's some puppy.  What's his name?
Come on up, Jimmy.  Say, that's some puppy.  What's his name?	What...?
What...?	All right.  Here.
All right.  Here.	Okay, Joey.  The Doc says you gotta relax. This hospital in Des Moines is the best sex clinic in the country.
Okay, Joey.  The Doc says you gotta relax. This hospital in Des Moines is the best sex clinic in the country.	I don't want to hear that word!
I don't want to hear that word!	Joey, what's more important, the kids' clothes or your sexual potency.
Joey, what's more important, the kids' clothes or your sexual potency.	We've spent everything on these operations.  Is it really worth it?  We've pawned your mother's wedding ring.  The kids have no winter clothes...
We've spent everything on these operations.  Is it really worth it?  We've pawned your mother's wedding ring.  The kids have no winter clothes...	Take this, Joey.  It's my last few bucks. You'll need a hot meal when you get there.
Take this, Joey.  It's my last few bucks. You'll need a hot meal when you get there.	I'm sure.
I'm sure.	You're sure?
You're sure?	That's right, Joe.  Now, no one's going to hurt you and no one has to know what's wrong with you.
That's right, Joe.  Now, no one's going to hurt you and no one has to know what's wrong with you.	What?
What?	Joe, the insurance policy won't help your wife and kids.  You bought auto insurance, not life insurance.
Joe, the insurance policy won't help your wife and kids.  You bought auto insurance, not life insurance.	I don't want to live anymore.
I don't want to live anymore.	Joe, you don't want to blow that thing and kill all these innocent people.
Joe, you don't want to blow that thing and kill all these innocent people.	Have you tried it with a little cinnamon?
Have you tried it with a little cinnamon?	Captain, the coffee machine is jammed and I don't like it.
Captain, the coffee machine is jammed and I don't like it.	Poached!  Not over!  Over!
Poached!  Not over!  Over!	All right, Captain Oveur.  Over.
All right, Captain Oveur.  Over.	That's how I want them.  Poached.  Over.
That's how I want them.  Poached.  Over.	Just poached on toast.  Over.
Just poached on toast.  Over.	Poached <u>and</u> over, Captain Oveur?  Over.
Poached <u>and</u> over, Captain Oveur?  Over.	No.  Poached.  Over.
No.  Poached.  Over.	How would you like your eggs, Captain? Over.
How would you like your eggs, Captain? Over.	A couple eggs and juice would be nice, Mary.  Over.
A couple eggs and juice would be nice, Mary.  Over.	Anything.  Just don't let Salucci think we're onto him.
Anything.  Just don't let Salucci think we're onto him.	What should I say?
What should I say?	No, a bomb.  Now, as discreetly as possible, I want you to move the passengers into the lounge.
No, a bomb.  Now, as discreetly as possible, I want you to move the passengers into the lounge.	A b...
A b...	He's carrying a bomb.
He's carrying a bomb.	Sixteen 'C', why?
Sixteen 'C', why?	Which passenger is Joe Salucci?
Which passenger is Joe Salucci?	Yes, sir, commander.  This is Mercury One.  Everything seems A- okay up here and ready for count-down.
Yes, sir, commander.  This is Mercury One.  Everything seems A- okay up here and ready for count-down.	Whenever your're ready, Captain.
Whenever your're ready, Captain.	Captain Oveur, your navigator, Mr. Unger, and your first officer, Mr. Dunn.
Captain Oveur, your navigator, Mr. Unger, and your first officer, Mr. Dunn.	Good to be aboard, gentlemen.
Good to be aboard, gentlemen.	Do you think it's necessary to explain <u>everything</u>?
Do you think it's necessary to explain <u>everything</u>?	That's how dry cleaning works.  Now I'd like to quickly go over the digestive system of amphibians.
That's how dry cleaning works.  Now I'd like to quickly go over the digestive system of amphibians.	We don't have much time.  Let's move. I'll explain everything.
We don't have much time.  Let's move. I'll explain everything.	Mr. Kurtz, I presume.
Mr. Kurtz, I presume.	Captain Oveur?
Captain Oveur?	Now he's D-Y-I-N-Ging and wants to be buried on Mercury.
Now he's D-Y-I-N-Ging and wants to be buried on Mercury.	Ah, yes, the Institute, I'm familiar with it.
Ah, yes, the Institute, I'm familiar with it.	Let's go, Daddy.  We have to check in.  He was never appreciated at the Institute.
Let's go, Daddy.  We have to check in.  He was never appreciated at the Institute.	It's a privilege to meet you, sir, I'm familiar with all your work.
It's a privilege to meet you, sir, I'm familiar with all your work.	Yes.
Yes.	Say, isn't that Dr. Barrington, the world- renowned agronomist?
Say, isn't that Dr. Barrington, the world- renowned agronomist?	Thanks, but we have a terrific woman in on Thursdays.
Thanks, but we have a terrific woman in on Thursdays.	You folks need any help?
You folks need any help?	But that's not a door.  The door's over there.
But that's not a door.  The door's over there.	Don't try to stop me!
Don't try to stop me!	You can't go in there!
You can't go in there!	Death, death.  How about the first Thursday in March, ten o'clock.
Death, death.  How about the first Thursday in March, ten o'clock.	All right, it's a matter of death.
All right, it's a matter of death.	You'll have to be more specific than that, sir.
You'll have to be more specific than that, sir.	No, dammit.  It's a matter of life or death.
No, dammit.  It's a matter of life or death.	Do you have an appointment, sir?
Do you have an appointment, sir?	I have to see Bud Kruger.
I have to see Bud Kruger.	Pull yourself together!  We've got to...
Pull yourself together!  We've got to...	Don't talk to me about Elaine.  Outta my way!
Don't talk to me about Elaine.  Outta my way!	Then Elaine was right.
Then Elaine was right.	That damn computer has taken over.  I'm getting out.
That damn computer has taken over.  I'm getting out.	Kurtz, you're drunk.  Who's in command of this ship?
Kurtz, you're drunk.  Who's in command of this ship?	Striker.
Striker.	I know you've been subtly spreading the word that I'm having a breakdown.
I know you've been subtly spreading the word that I'm having a breakdown.	You're tired, Striker, overworked.  That wiring meets all the safety specifications.
You're tired, Striker, overworked.  That wiring meets all the safety specifications.	Look at this wiring.  It's shorting out under high temperatures.
Look at this wiring.  It's shorting out under high temperatures.	You're seeing bugs where they don't exist, Striker.
You're seeing bugs where they don't exist, Striker.	That's right, Striker.  And we're getting married when we return.
That's right, Striker.  And we're getting married when we return.	Are you on the Mercury mission?
Are you on the Mercury mission?	Well, we laughed.  We laughed all the time.
Well, we laughed.  We laughed all the time.	No.  It's hard to L-A-U-G-H when your father's dying.
No.  It's hard to L-A-U-G-H when your father's dying.	I just wish it was that simple.  We really were in love.  You know how it is when you laugh all the time.
I just wish it was that simple.  We really were in love.  You know how it is when you laugh all the time.	Then the relationship remains the same and the love changes only when there's change in the two people who share that love.
Then the relationship remains the same and the love changes only when there's change in the two people who share that love.	Sure.  But that's only when the love itself goes unchanged.
Sure.  But that's only when the love itself goes unchanged.	Not if the people change together in relation to that love.
Not if the people change together in relation to that love.	People change in relation to each other. Love changes on its own.
People change in relation to each other. Love changes on its own.	Love's the same as it always was.  It's people who change.
Love's the same as it always was.  It's people who change.	We were in love but I'm not sure I know what love is anymore.
We were in love but I'm not sure I know what love is anymore.	No.  I mean your relationship.
No.  I mean your relationship.	I opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me.
I opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me.	Do you want to talk about it.
Do you want to talk about it.	No, I mean your head.  Sit down.  I'll take a look at it.  I'm a nurse.
No, I mean your head.  Sit down.  I'll take a look at it.  I'm a nurse.	I'm getting over it.  If a relationship isn't working, you can't force it.
I'm getting over it.  If a relationship isn't working, you can't force it.	You've been hurt.
You've been hurt.	You don't have to excuse yourself.  I'm a nurse.  I understand.
You don't have to excuse yourself.  I'm a nurse.  I understand.	I'm familiar with your work, Doctor. You'll have to excuse me, I have to go.
I'm familiar with your work, Doctor. You'll have to excuse me, I have to go.	Yes.  He's dying <u>a-n-d</u> wants to be buried on Mercury.
Yes.  He's dying <u>a-n-d</u> wants to be buried on Mercury.	Not Dr. Barrington, the world renowned agronomist?
Not Dr. Barrington, the world renowned agronomist?	You don't have to thank me, I'm a nurse. This is my father, Dr. Barrington.
You don't have to thank me, I'm a nurse. This is my father, Dr. Barrington.	Uh... oh, thank you.  It's nothing.
Uh... oh, thank you.  It's nothing.	Excuse me, are you alright?  I noticed you talking to yourself.  I'm a nurse.  Can I be of some help?
Excuse me, are you alright?  I noticed you talking to yourself.  I'm a nurse.  Can I be of some help?	That's a very nice compliment, and I'd like to say that...you've done the same for me.
That's a very nice compliment, and I'd like to say that...you've done the same for me.	Just in case I don't have a chance to say goodbye, I want you to know that I haven't spent so many pleasant hours for many years.
Just in case I don't have a chance to say goodbye, I want you to know that I haven't spent so many pleasant hours for many years.	No. I'm all alone.
No. I'm all alone.	I'm sure we'll both make it...but just in case one of us...well, is there a message you'd like me to give someone?
I'm sure we'll both make it...but just in case one of us...well, is there a message you'd like me to give someone?	That's a lovely name. Mine's Milton...Milt Ettenhenim. But my friends call me 'Bubbles.'
That's a lovely name. Mine's Milton...Milt Ettenhenim. But my friends call me 'Bubbles.'	Mine's Eleanor. Eleanor Schiff.
Mine's Eleanor. Eleanor Schiff.	You know, here we are having coffee together, and discussing education and business and economy...and we don't even know each other's names...full names I mean.
You know, here we are having coffee together, and discussing education and business and economy...and we don't even know each other's names...full names I mean.	I wish I could fool myself into believing that that's the reason. The truth of the matter is, nobody ever asked me.
I wish I could fool myself into believing that that's the reason. The truth of the matter is, nobody ever asked me.	I know the answer -- Career. A smart woman like you became so involved in your work, you didn't have time for marriage.
I know the answer -- Career. A smart woman like you became so involved in your work, you didn't have time for marriage.	Well, I'm afraid that's a question that's all too easy to answer.
Well, I'm afraid that's a question that's all too easy to answer.	But I think it's time we stopped talking about me. A woman like you -- why haven't you ever married?
But I think it's time we stopped talking about me. A woman like you -- why haven't you ever married?	Well, after a thing like that you wouldn't be expected to.
Well, after a thing like that you wouldn't be expected to.	After my wife died, I felt like a fifth wheel. You know, so many years being with one person -- a very wonderful person -- makes you always think of yourself as part of a pair...When Ethel passed away, I was lost. I couldn't function socially and I couldn't function in business.
After my wife died, I felt like a fifth wheel. You know, so many years being with one person -- a very wonderful person -- makes you always think of yourself as part of a pair...When Ethel passed away, I was lost. I couldn't function socially and I couldn't function in business.	No. I'm from Washington, D.C. I'm a lobbyist for the Small Businessmen's Assocation.
No. I'm from Washington, D.C. I'm a lobbyist for the Small Businessmen's Assocation.	Well, it really wasn't a vacation. You see, I'm a teacher in the New York City school system, and I was attending a seminar on visual aids to education. Are you from L.A.?
Well, it really wasn't a vacation. You see, I'm a teacher in the New York City school system, and I was attending a seminar on visual aids to education. Are you from L.A.?	Were you vacationing in Los Angeles?
Were you vacationing in Los Angeles?	No, thank you. I take it black. Like my men.
No, thank you. I take it black. Like my men.	Thank you. Cream?
Thank you. Cream?	Ah, won't you sit down?
Ah, won't you sit down?	That's very nice of you. Thank you.
That's very nice of you. Thank you.	I happened to be passing, and I thought you might like some corfee.
I happened to be passing, and I thought you might like some corfee.	Shep, no! He gets so excited when new people are here.
Shep, no! He gets so excited when new people are here.	...but after...awhile...you begin to...  ...get used to it.
...but after...awhile...you begin to...  ...get used to it.	Shep, no! I'll bet you have exciting things happen all the time down there.
Shep, no! I'll bet you have exciting things happen all the time down there.	Yeah, something like that, but as I say, they didn't have time to tell me very much.
Yeah, something like that, but as I say, they didn't have time to tell me very much.	Something about a plane with no pilot?
Something about a plane with no pilot?	Well, to tell the truth, they really didn't fill me in on many of the details. Just told me to pick up Captain Kramer.
Well, to tell the truth, they really didn't fill me in on many of the details. Just told me to pick up Captain Kramer.	Shep, sit...sit! So, I understand you've got a real emergency down there.
Shep, sit...sit! So, I understand you've got a real emergency down there.	Oh, yes. Come in, Paul. Rex will be right out.
Oh, yes. Come in, Paul. Rex will be right out.	Hello, I'm Paul Carey from the airline. I'm here to pick up Captain Kramer.
Hello, I'm Paul Carey from the airline. I'm here to pick up Captain Kramer.	Excuse me, Doc, I've got a plane to land.
Excuse me, Doc, I've got a plane to land.	And the last thing he said to me, "Doc," he said, "Sometime when the crew is up against it and the breaks are beating the boys, tell them to go out there with all they've got and win just one for the Zipper. I don't know where I'll be then, Doc," he said, "but I won't smell too good. That's for sure."
And the last thing he said to me, "Doc," he said, "Sometime when the crew is up against it and the breaks are beating the boys, tell them to go out there with all they've got and win just one for the Zipper. I don't know where I'll be then, Doc," he said, "but I won't smell too good. That's for sure."	George Zipp said that?
George Zipp said that?	I'm doing everything I can! -- And stop calling me Shirley!
I'm doing everything I can! -- And stop calling me Shirley!	Surely there must be something you can do.
Surely there must be something you can do.	I won't deceive you, Mister Striker. We're running out of time.
I won't deceive you, Mister Striker. We're running out of time.	Yes, everything they've got. How are the passengers doing?
Yes, everything they've got. How are the passengers doing?	Will the hospital equipment be at the airport?
Will the hospital equipment be at the airport?	Chicago, the passengers are beginning to panic. When do we start down?
Chicago, the passengers are beginning to panic. When do we start down?	...safe and sound and free to pursue a life of religious fulfillment.
...safe and sound and free to pursue a life of religious fulfillment.	Let's see. Those are the flaps, that's the thrust, this must turn on the landing lights.
Let's see. Those are the flaps, that's the thrust, this must turn on the landing lights.	Elaine, I haven't time to put this gently, so I'll be very direct. Everyone of us on this plane is in a desperate situation. Mister Striker is the only hope we've got.
Elaine, I haven't time to put this gently, so I'll be very direct. Everyone of us on this plane is in a desperate situation. Mister Striker is the only hope we've got.	Well, I flew single-engine fighters in the Air Force, but this plane has four engines. It's an entirely different kind of flying...<u>all</u> <u>together</u>!!!
Well, I flew single-engine fighters in the Air Force, but this plane has four engines. It's an entirely different kind of flying...<u>all</u> <u>together</u>!!!	I <u>am</u> serious, and don't call me Shirley! What flying experience have you had?
I <u>am</u> serious, and don't call me Shirley! What flying experience have you had?	Surely you can't be serious.
Surely you can't be serious.	Can you fly this airplane and land it?
Can you fly this airplane and land it?	Both pilots!
Both pilots!	I'm not sure. I haven't seen anything like this since the Lina Wertmuller Film Festival.
I'm not sure. I haven't seen anything like this since the Lina Wertmuller Film Festival.	What is it, Doctor? What's happening?
What is it, Doctor? What's happening?	No, I mean we can't <u>land</u> for another two hours. Fog has closed down everything this side of the mountains. We've got to go through to Chicago!
No, I mean we can't <u>land</u> for another two hours. Fog has closed down everything this side of the mountains. We've got to go through to Chicago!	You can't take a guess for another two hours?
You can't take a guess for another two hours?	Well...not for another two hours.
Well...not for another two hours.	Can't you take a guess?
Can't you take a guess?	I can't tell.
I can't tell.	Captain, how soon can we land?
Captain, how soon can we land?	I think you ought to know what our chances are. The life of everyone on board depends on just one thing: finding someone back there who not only can fly this plane, but who didn't have fish for dinner.
I think you ought to know what our chances are. The life of everyone on board depends on just one thing: finding someone back there who not only can fly this plane, but who didn't have fish for dinner.	No. No one that I know of.
No. No one that I know of.	Well...
Well...	All right. Unless I can get all these people to a hospital quickly, I can't even be sure of saving their lives. Now, is there anyone else on board who can land this plane?
All right. Unless I can get all these people to a hospital quickly, I can't even be sure of saving their lives. Now, is there anyone else on board who can land this plane?	No.
No.	Elaine, you're a member of this crew. Can you face some unpleasant facts?
Elaine, you're a member of this crew. Can you face some unpleasant facts?	Extremely serious. It starts with a slight fever.
Extremely serious. It starts with a slight fever.	Just how serious is it, doctor?
Just how serious is it, doctor?	He had fish, too.
He had fish, too.	Let's see now. The co-pilot had fish. What did the navigator eat?
Let's see now. The co-pilot had fish. What did the navigator eat?	Doctor Rumack, Mister Hammen ate fish. And Randy says there are five more cases, and they ate fish, too.
Doctor Rumack, Mister Hammen ate fish. And Randy says there are five more cases, and they ate fish, too.	He had fish.
He had fish.	What did he have?
What did he have?	Yes, yes, I remember. I had lasagna.
Yes, yes, I remember. I had lasagna.	Well, we had a choice. Steak or fish.
Well, we had a choice. Steak or fish.	What was it we had for dinner tonight?
What was it we had for dinner tonight?	Certainly.
Certainly.	It's a big building with patients. But that's not important right now. Tell the Captain I must speak to him.
It's a big building with patients. But that's not important right now. Tell the Captain I must speak to him.	A hospital? What is it?
A hospital? What is it?	You'd better tell the Captain. We've got to land as soon as we can. This woman has to be gotten to a hospital.
You'd better tell the Captain. We've got to land as soon as we can. This woman has to be gotten to a hospital.	Yes. Yes, of course.
Yes. Yes, of course.	We have some passengers who are very sick. Could you come and take a look at them?
We have some passengers who are very sick. Could you come and take a look at them?	That's right.
That's right.	Sir. Excuse me, sir. I'm sorry to have to wake you. Are you a doctor?
Sir. Excuse me, sir. I'm sorry to have to wake you. Are you a doctor?	Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.	See them, Elaine?
See them, Elaine?	The gear is down.
The gear is down.	Tell them the gear is down and we're ready to land.
Tell them the gear is down and we're ready to land.	I wanted you to know -- now -- I'm very proud.
I wanted you to know -- now -- I'm very proud.	Yes?
Yes?	Ted...
Ted...	I don't care. I just don't have what it takes. They'd be better off with someone who'd never flown before.
I don't care. I just don't have what it takes. They'd be better off with someone who'd never flown before.	But Ted, you're the only...
But Ted, you're the only...	Oil pressure. I forgot to check the oil pressure. When Kramer hears about this, the shit's gonna hit the fan.
Oil pressure. I forgot to check the oil pressure. When Kramer hears about this, the shit's gonna hit the fan.	What happened, Ted? What went wrong?
What happened, Ted? What went wrong?	Rats! I've lost number three.
Rats! I've lost number three.	It's a damn good thing you don't know how much he hates your guts.
It's a damn good thing you don't know how much he hates your guts.	It's a damn good thing he doesn't know how much I hate his guts.
It's a damn good thing he doesn't know how much I hate his guts.	Sluggish. Like a wet sponge.
Sluggish. Like a wet sponge.	Sluggish. Like a wet sponge.
Sluggish. Like a wet sponge.	And a little ice!
And a little ice!	And a little ice.
And a little ice.	Rain.
Rain.	That's what I've been trying to tell these people.
That's what I've been trying to tell these people.	Ted! What are you doing? You can't fly this plane!
Ted! What are you doing? You can't fly this plane!	A lot of people made plans before the war. Like George Zipp.
A lot of people made plans before the war. Like George Zipp.	Ted, I don't want to stay here. It's time for us to go back home -- to the plans we made before the war.
Ted, I don't want to stay here. It's time for us to go back home -- to the plans we made before the war.	I think they're getting the hang of it! When we re-enlist I'll teach them baseball!
I think they're getting the hang of it! When we re-enlist I'll teach them baseball!	That's Lieutennt Hurwitz. Severe shell shock. He thinks he's Ethel Merman.
That's Lieutennt Hurwitz. Severe shell shock. He thinks he's Ethel Merman.	What's his problem?
What's his problem?	Be patient, Ted. No one expects you to get over this immediately.
Be patient, Ted. No one expects you to get over this immediately.	I wish I could say the same for George Zipp.
I wish I could say the same for George Zipp.	Seven. Lieutenant Zipp died this morning. Ted, Doctor Sandler says you'll be out in a week. Isn't that wonderful?
Seven. Lieutenant Zipp died this morning. Ted, Doctor Sandler says you'll be out in a week. Isn't that wonderful?	Is it? Because of my mistake six men didn't return from that raid.
Is it? Because of my mistake six men didn't return from that raid.	It's a big building where the generals meet. But that's not important right now. They've cleared you of any blame for what happened on that raid. Isn't that good news?
It's a big building where the generals meet. But that's not important right now. They've cleared you of any blame for what happened on that raid. Isn't that good news?	Headquarters!? What is it?
Headquarters!? What is it?	You got a telegram from headquarters today.
You got a telegram from headquarters today.	But it won't be. Not as long as you insist on living in the past!
But it won't be. Not as long as you insist on living in the past!	That's the way I've always wanted it to be, Elaine.
That's the way I've always wanted it to be, Elaine.	Mostly I remember...the nights when we were together. I remember how you used to hold me...and how I used to sit on your face and wriggle...and then afterwards how we'd watch until the sun came up. When it did, it was almost like...like each new day was created...only for us.
Mostly I remember...the nights when we were together. I remember how you used to hold me...and how I used to sit on your face and wriggle...and then afterwards how we'd watch until the sun came up. When it did, it was almost like...like each new day was created...only for us.	I remember everything. All I have are memories.
I remember everything. All I have are memories.	Elaine, just hear me out. I know things haven't been right for a long time. But it will be different...like it was in the beginning. Remember?
Elaine, just hear me out. I know things haven't been right for a long time. But it will be different...like it was in the beginning. Remember?	I love you.
I love you.	I love you, Elaine.
I love you, Elaine.	Oh, Ted, please be careful. I worry about you so much.
Oh, Ted, please be careful. I worry about you so much.	My orders came through. My squadron ships out tomorrow. I'll be leading a very important mission.
My orders came through. My squadron ships out tomorrow. I'll be leading a very important mission.	What's the matter?
What's the matter?	You...you shouldn't have come. I don't have time now.
You...you shouldn't have come. I don't have time now.	Elaine, I've got to talk to you.
Elaine, I've got to talk to you.	Ted, what are you doing here?
Ted, what are you doing here?	It's too late, Ted. When I get back to Chicago, I'm going to start my life all over again. I'm sorry.
It's too late, Ted. When I get back to Chicago, I'm going to start my life all over again. I'm sorry.	But if you'll just give me...
But if you'll just give me...	It's the truth. What's hurt you the most is your record since the war. Different cities, different jobs, and not one of them shows you can accept any real responsibility.
It's the truth. What's hurt you the most is your record since the war. Different cities, different jobs, and not one of them shows you can accept any real responsibility.	You expect me to believe that?
You expect me to believe that?	Your <u>war</u> <u>record</u>? You're the only one keeping that alive. For everyone else it's ancient history.
Your <u>war</u> <u>record</u>? You're the only one keeping that alive. For everyone else it's ancient history.	You know I haven't been able to get near an airplane since the war. And even if I could, they wouldn't hire me because of my war record.
You know I haven't been able to get near an airplane since the war. And even if I could, they wouldn't hire me because of my war record.	Then why don't you take the job that Louie Netz offered you at Boeing?
Then why don't you take the job that Louie Netz offered you at Boeing?	Elaine, not yet. I promise you I really can change.
Elaine, not yet. I promise you I really can change.	I won't be back. I've requested the Atlanta run.
I won't be back. I've requested the Atlanta run.	Look, you'll be back in town tomorrow night. We'll have dinner -- talk it over.
Look, you'll be back in town tomorrow night. We'll have dinner -- talk it over.	It takes so many things to make love last. Most of all it takes respect. And I can't live with a man I don't respect!
It takes so many things to make love last. Most of all it takes respect. And I can't live with a man I don't respect!	Don't you feel anything for me at all any more?
Don't you feel anything for me at all any more?	I have been patient and I've tried to help, but you wouldn't even let me do that.
I have been patient and I've tried to help, but you wouldn't even let me do that.	I know things haven't been right for a long time, but it'll be different. If you'll just be patient, I can work things out.
I know things haven't been right for a long time, but it'll be different. If you'll just be patient, I can work things out.	I just don't want to go over it any more.
I just don't want to go over it any more.	I came home early and found your note. I guess you meant for me to read it later. Elaine, I've got to talk to you.
I came home early and found your note. I guess you meant for me to read it later. Elaine, I've got to talk to you.	Ted!
Ted!	Elaine!
Elaine!	Find out if there's a doctor on board, as quietly as you can.
Find out if there's a doctor on board, as quietly as you can.	I think so, but I've never seen it so acute.
I think so, but I've never seen it so acute.	Airsick?
Airsick?	Who wants to be first?
Who wants to be first?	Hey, we've been waiting for you. A little bit late tonight.
Hey, we've been waiting for you. A little bit late tonight.	Joey can stay up here for a while if he'd like to.
Joey can stay up here for a while if he'd like to.	We'd better get back now.
We'd better get back now.	Hello.
Hello.	We have a visitor.
We have a visitor.	Good-bye, darling.
Good-bye, darling.	Good-bye, darling. I love you. I love you, darling.
Good-bye, darling. I love you. I love you, darling.	Good-bye, darling.
Good-bye, darling.	Bill! Bill! Good-bye, Bill.
Bill! Bill! Good-bye, Bill.	So long, darling. Good-bye. Take care of yourself.
So long, darling. Good-bye. Take care of yourself.	Oh, Bill, I'll keep it. I'll keep it with me all the time.
Oh, Bill, I'll keep it. I'll keep it with me all the time.	Good-bye, darling.
Good-bye, darling.	Every day.
Every day.	You promise you'll write.
You promise you'll write.	Oh, Bill, I'm going to miss you so much.
Oh, Bill, I'm going to miss you so much.	All right, he's on final now! Put out all runway lights except niner.
All right, he's on final now! Put out all runway lights except niner.	He's right on the heading.
He's right on the heading.	Watch your altitude, Striker. It's too erratic. You can't come straight in. You've got enough fuel left for two hours flying. You've got to stay up there 'til we get a break in the weather.
Watch your altitude, Striker. It's too erratic. You can't come straight in. You've got enough fuel left for two hours flying. You've got to stay up there 'til we get a break in the weather.	He's all over the place! Nine hundred feet up to thirteen hundred feet! What an asshole!
He's all over the place! Nine hundred feet up to thirteen hundred feet! What an asshole!	You are now eight miles from the airport. Turn right to a heading of zero eight niner, throttle back slightly and begin to lose altitude to fifteen hundred feet.
You are now eight miles from the airport. Turn right to a heading of zero eight niner, throttle back slightly and begin to lose altitude to fifteen hundred feet.	Eight miles. Turn right to heading zero eight niner.
Eight miles. Turn right to heading zero eight niner.	Runway niner. It's the longest, and directly into the wind.
Runway niner. It's the longest, and directly into the wind.	Did you decide on a runway yet?
Did you decide on a runway yet?	Yes, Captain?
Yes, Captain?	And get that finger out of your ear. You don't know where that finger's been! Gunderson?
And get that finger out of your ear. You don't know where that finger's been! Gunderson?	Here.
Here.	Oh Jack, I'm so warm. I'm burning up.
Oh Jack, I'm so warm. I'm burning up.	How ya doing, honey?
How ya doing, honey?	What is it?
What is it?	Oh, I can't stand it.
Oh, I can't stand it.	Well, it wasn't all that I had hoped.
Well, it wasn't all that I had hoped.	What did you think of 'Great Expectations?'
What did you think of 'Great Expectations?'	Yeah, I think he is.  Hey, Fred!
Yeah, I think he is.  Hey, Fred!	Jack, isn't that Fred Bliffert over there in the blue turtleneck? Maybe he's on our flight to Chicago.
Jack, isn't that Fred Bliffert over there in the blue turtleneck? Maybe he's on our flight to Chicago.	The hell I don't! I'm out there busting my buns every night.
The hell I don't! I'm out there busting my buns every night.	...and that you don't really try, except during the playoffs.
...and that you don't really try, except during the playoffs.	We are turning left to a heading of zero- niner-niner.
We are turning left to a heading of zero- niner-niner.	...and that lots of times you don't even run down court.
...and that lots of times you don't even run down court.	Denver Control, this is Flight two-zero- niner intersecting Victor Airway seven- niner-niner.
Denver Control, this is Flight two-zero- niner intersecting Victor Airway seven- niner-niner.	I think you're the greatest. But my Dad says you don't work hard enough on defense.
I think you're the greatest. But my Dad says you don't work hard enough on defense.	I'm an airline pilot.  Ah, Clarence, according to my calculations, with this tailwind we ought to be able to make up an additional fifteen minutes over the Rockies.
I'm an airline pilot.  Ah, Clarence, according to my calculations, with this tailwind we ought to be able to make up an additional fifteen minutes over the Rockies.	I think you should go back to your seat now, Joey. Right, Clarence?
I think you should go back to your seat now, Joey. Right, Clarence?	You <u>are</u> Kareem. I've seen you play. My Dad's got season tickets!
You <u>are</u> Kareem. I've seen you play. My Dad's got season tickets!	I'm sorry, son, but you must have me confused with someone else. My name is Roger Murdock. I'm the co-pilot.
I'm sorry, son, but you must have me confused with someone else. My name is Roger Murdock. I'm the co-pilot.	Wait a minute. I know you. You're Kareem Abdul Jabbar. You play basketball for the Los Angeles Lakers!
Wait a minute. I know you. You're Kareem Abdul Jabbar. You play basketball for the Los Angeles Lakers!	Okay, this is one of my favorites.
Okay, this is one of my favorites.	Oh, I'd love to.
Oh, I'd love to.	I thought maybe you'd like to hear a song.
I thought maybe you'd like to hear a song.	I'm Lisa. Oh, you have a guitar!
I'm Lisa. Oh, you have a guitar!	I'm Randy.
I'm Randy.	Hi!
Hi!	Oh, it's nothing to be alarmed about. We'll get back to you very quickly.
Oh, it's nothing to be alarmed about. We'll get back to you very quickly.	Yes, of course. We both had fish. Why?
Yes, of course. We both had fish. Why?	Well, the doctor will be with you in just a moment. One thing: do you know what he had for dinner?
Well, the doctor will be with you in just a moment. One thing: do you know what he had for dinner?	Oh, Stewardess. My husband is very sick. Can you do something, please?
Oh, Stewardess. My husband is very sick. Can you do something, please?	Yes?
Yes?	I will, but Jim won't.
I will, but Jim won't.	Would either of you like another cup of coffee?
Would either of you like another cup of coffee?	All right. But just remember, my name is Roger Murdock.
All right. But just remember, my name is Roger Murdock.	No, he's not bothering anyone. Let him stay up here.
No, he's not bothering anyone. Let him stay up here.	No, why don't you take care ot it?
No, why don't you take care ot it?	Do you want me to check the weather, Clarence?
Do you want me to check the weather, Clarence?	Roger, Roger. What's our vector, Victor?
Roger, Roger. What's our vector, Victor?	We have clearance, Clarence.
We have clearance, Clarence.	Huh?
Huh?	Roger.
Roger.	Huh?
Huh?	Roger.
Roger.	Hi, Roger. Good to have you aboard. Victor, this is Roger Murdock.
Hi, Roger. Good to have you aboard. Victor, this is Roger Murdock.	Sorry, Clarence. Latest weather report shows everything socked in from Salt Lake to Lincoln.
Sorry, Clarence. Latest weather report shows everything socked in from Salt Lake to Lincoln.	Of course.
Of course.	Could I borrow your guitar? I thought I might be able to cheer her up.
Could I borrow your guitar? I thought I might be able to cheer her up.	Oh yes, I saw. Poor child.
Oh yes, I saw. Poor child.	There's a little girl on board who's ill and...
There's a little girl on board who's ill and...	Yes?
Yes?	Excuse me, Sister?
Excuse me, Sister?	Thank you, Randy. You better leave sweetheart. You might get hurt in here.
Thank you, Randy. You better leave sweetheart. You might get hurt in here.	Mr. Striker, the passengers are ready.
Mr. Striker, the passengers are ready.	Would you go up, please?
Would you go up, please?	Well, I flew in the war, but that was a long time ago. I wouldn't know anything about it.
Well, I flew in the war, but that was a long time ago. I wouldn't know anything about it.	It's the little room at the front of the plane where the pilots sit. But that's not important right now. The first officer is ill and the Captain would like someone with flying experience to help him with the radio. Do you know anything about planes?
It's the little room at the front of the plane where the pilots sit. But that's not important right now. The first officer is ill and the Captain would like someone with flying experience to help him with the radio. Do you know anything about planes?	The cockpit? What is it?
The cockpit? What is it?	Excuse me, sir. There's been a little problem in the cockpit and I was wondering...
Excuse me, sir. There's been a little problem in the cockpit and I was wondering...	No. No thank you.
No. No thank you.	Excuse me, sir. Would you like some coffee before we serve dinner?
Excuse me, sir. Would you like some coffee before we serve dinner?	Oh -- I haven't flown for a long time.
Oh -- I haven't flown for a long time.	Do you feel all right, sir?
Do you feel all right, sir?	Thank you.
Thank you.	Fourteen-B. It's halfway down on your right.
Fourteen-B. It's halfway down on your right.	Thank you.
Thank you.	I'm an orderly, not a bleeding psychiatrist! I push things about, but I've little say what happens to them.
I'm an orderly, not a bleeding psychiatrist! I push things about, but I've little say what happens to them.	You know, did he seem depressed? Do you think he'll eat the food?
You know, did he seem depressed? Do you think he'll eat the food?	What do you mean, 'how did he look'?
What do you mean, 'how did he look'?	How did he look?
How did he look?	The American? Yes, duck.
The American? Yes, duck.	Has the patient in twenty-one gotten his tray yet?
Has the patient in twenty-one gotten his tray yet?	I doubt it. But it's something to do.
I doubt it. But it's something to do.	David?
David?	Nurse Hobbs said there's a disturbance in Leicester Square involving some sort of mad dog.
Nurse Hobbs said there's a disturbance in Leicester Square involving some sort of mad dog.	Tea would be nice.
Tea would be nice.	What shall we do?
What shall we do?	I expect you shortly.
I expect you shortly.	No, a cab will be faster.
No, a cab will be faster.	Shall I send a car?
Shall I send a car?	He's fine. We'll come right over.
He's fine. We'll come right over.	You're certain he's lucid? You won't need any help?
You're certain he's lucid? You won't need any help?	Yes, Doctor.
Yes, Doctor.	Right. Now listen carefully. I want you to bring David here. I want him in my care. I'll notify the police that we've found him. It is imperative that you bring him straight to the hospital. Do you understand?
Right. Now listen carefully. I want you to bring David here. I want him in my care. I'll notify the police that we've found him. It is imperative that you bring him straight to the hospital. Do you understand?	Yes, I should think so.
Yes, I should think so.	Could you get here without any trouble?
Could you get here without any trouble?	No, not really.
No, not really.	Is David acting strangely?
Is David acting strangely?	No, why?
No, why?	Have you read the papers today? Have you listened to the radio or television?
Have you read the papers today? Have you listened to the radio or television?	Yes, he is. He's very excited and confused, but he's not crazy, if that's what you mean.
Yes, he is. He's very excited and confused, but he's not crazy, if that's what you mean.	The zoo? Is he rational?
The zoo? Is he rational?	He doesn't remember. He woke up at the zoo.
He doesn't remember. He woke up at the zoo.	Is he all right? Why didn't you call me? Where was he?
Is he all right? Why didn't you call me? Where was he?	He's here.
He's here.	Let's call the police and see if they can help us find our wandering boy.
Let's call the police and see if they can help us find our wandering boy.	What shall we do?
What shall we do?	Oh, I don't mean running about on all fours and howling at the moon. But in such a deranged state he could harm himself, or perhaps others.
Oh, I don't mean running about on all fours and howling at the moon. But in such a deranged state he could harm himself, or perhaps others.	Dr. Hirsch?
Dr. Hirsch?	David has suffered a severe trauma. I myself witnessed some form of mass neurosis in East Proctor. If all the villagers believe that Jack Goodman was killed by a werewolf, why shouldn't David? And then it follows that if he survived an attack by a werewolf, wouldn't he himself become a werewolf the next full moon?
David has suffered a severe trauma. I myself witnessed some form of mass neurosis in East Proctor. If all the villagers believe that Jack Goodman was killed by a werewolf, why shouldn't David? And then it follows that if he survived an attack by a werewolf, wouldn't he himself become a werewolf the next full moon?	Surely you're not suggesting...
Surely you're not suggesting...	No. He knows no one in London, besides me. I shouldn't have left him alone.
No. He knows no one in London, besides me. I shouldn't have left him alone.	You've absolutely no idea where David might be?
You've absolutely no idea where David might be?	I think the village of East Proctor is hiding some dark and terrible secret. I'm convinced that, like David, they believe in this werewolf.
I think the village of East Proctor is hiding some dark and terrible secret. I'm convinced that, like David, they believe in this werewolf.	And what else?
And what else?	They were lying. There were no witnesses, no escaped lunatic. The whole community is hiding the truth of what actually happened up there.
They were lying. There were no witnesses, no escaped lunatic. The whole community is hiding the truth of what actually happened up there.	Yes.
Yes.	I tried to investigate the attack. There are no records. The case was closed and now they've 'misplaced' the file. David's lacerations were cleaned and dressed when he arrived here and yet supposedly no doctor examined him before I did. The Goodman boy is already in the ground so he's no good to us. So I went to the pub in East Proctor where I was convinced of two things.
I tried to investigate the attack. There are no records. The case was closed and now they've 'misplaced' the file. David's lacerations were cleaned and dressed when he arrived here and yet supposedly no doctor examined him before I did. The Goodman boy is already in the ground so he's no good to us. So I went to the pub in East Proctor where I was convinced of two things.	Dr. Hirsch, what's wrong? Is this more serious than I know?
Dr. Hirsch, what's wrong? Is this more serious than I know?	Warn him?
Warn him?	David says Jack comes to warn him.
David says Jack comes to warn him.	What did he say?
What did he say?	Yes.
Yes.	Has his friend appeared to him again?
Has his friend appeared to him again?	Well, yes, but he seems to be more upset by the death of his friend.
Well, yes, but he seems to be more upset by the death of his friend.	Alex, has David persisted in his werewolf fantasies?
Alex, has David persisted in his werewolf fantasies?	He's not?
He's not?	At my flat. I'm off at midnight and...
At my flat. I'm off at midnight and...	It's a full moon. Where is he?
It's a full moon. Where is he?	Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.	Oh dear girl, your extracurricular activities are of no consequence to me. I don't give a damn who you sleep with. I'm concerned about David.
Oh dear girl, your extracurricular activities are of no consequence to me. I don't give a damn who you sleep with. I'm concerned about David.	Come to my office, Miss Price.
Come to my office, Miss Price.	It's all right, Susan. Yes, Doctor, I have.
It's all right, Susan. Yes, Doctor, I have.	Yes, I believe he did.
Yes, I believe he did.	Did he say a wolf?
Did he say a wolf?	No, sir. Of course, sir. Good day, Doctor.
No, sir. Of course, sir. Good day, Doctor.	The police report said an escaped lunatic attacked them. He must have been a very powerful man. Although I really don't see that it is any of your concern, Miss Price.
The police report said an escaped lunatic attacked them. He must have been a very powerful man. Although I really don't see that it is any of your concern, Miss Price.	What happened to them?
What happened to them?	That would be Jack Goodman, the boy who was killed.
That would be Jack Goodman, the boy who was killed.	He said 'Jack'.
He said 'Jack'.	What exactly did he call out?
What exactly did he call out?	Yes, Doctor?
Yes, Doctor?	Oh, Miss Price?
Oh, Miss Price?	Yes, Doctor.
Yes, Doctor.	Go about your duties.
Go about your duties.	Dr. Hirsch?
Dr. Hirsch?	Can I be of service, Miss Price?
Can I be of service, Miss Price?	Miss Gallagher, surely you must perform some function here at the hospital.
Miss Gallagher, surely you must perform some function here at the hospital.	Dr. Hirsch, Mr. Kessler cried out a minute ago.
Dr. Hirsch, Mr. Kessler cried out a minute ago.	Control!?! What control!?! Get away from me!
Control!?! What control!?! Get away from me!	David, don't lose control.
David, don't lose control.	Leave me alone, dammit! You people are crazy! I've got to get away from here! I've got to do something!
Leave me alone, dammit! You people are crazy! I've got to get away from here! I've got to do something!	David, let's go now.
David, let's go now.	Hopeless. It's hopeless.
Hopeless. It's hopeless.	Will you shut up!?!!
Will you shut up!?!!	Sir, he's very upset. His friend was killed and...
Sir, he's very upset. His friend was killed and...	I swear, I don't know this girl.
I swear, I don't know this girl.	We had an argument. He's being silly.
We had an argument. He's being silly.	What?
What?	He's playing a stupid joke, sir.
He's playing a stupid joke, sir.	Rational!?! I'm a fucking werewolf, for Christ's sake!
Rational!?! I'm a fucking werewolf, for Christ's sake!	David, please be rational. Let's go to Dr. Hirsch.
David, please be rational. Let's go to Dr. Hirsch.	Jack is dead. Look, six people have been killed. I'm going to the police.
Jack is dead. Look, six people have been killed. I'm going to the police.	Jack is dead!
Jack is dead!	I am going to the cops. There's a full moon tonight. Jack was right. I...
I am going to the cops. There's a full moon tonight. Jack was right. I...	David, stop!
David, stop!	Six people mutilated? It had to be me, Alex.
Six people mutilated? It had to be me, Alex.	David, what are you doing?
David, what are you doing?	Pull over.
Pull over.	But...
But...	I don't know why I feel so good. I haven't felt this good in a long time.
I don't know why I feel so good. I haven't felt this good in a long time.	Dr. Hirsch will know what to do.
Dr. Hirsch will know what to do.	I should be committed.
I should be committed.	The next corner we can get a cab.
The next corner we can get a cab.	I said goodbye to you. I was locked out of the flat. I climbed the wall and came in through the bathroom window. I started to read and then I was naked at the zoo!  I guess I am out of my fucking mind.
I said goodbye to you. I was locked out of the flat. I climbed the wall and came in through the bathroom window. I started to read and then I was naked at the zoo!  I guess I am out of my fucking mind.	Don't you remember?
Don't you remember?	Waking up at the zoo, that's not so insane. Having no clothes on? That's insane. What did I do last night, Alex?
Waking up at the zoo, that's not so insane. Having no clothes on? That's insane. What did I do last night, Alex?	The zoo?
The zoo?	Alex, I've lost my mind. I woke up at the zoo! But you know what? I feel terrific!
Alex, I've lost my mind. I woke up at the zoo! But you know what? I feel terrific!	I'm freezing.
I'm freezing.	David! Where on earth have you been!?!
David! Where on earth have you been!?!	See you later.
See you later.	I'm off. There's food in the fridge.
I'm off. There's food in the fridge.	A doper werewolf.
A doper werewolf.	I've left those pills for you.
I've left those pills for you.	Okay.
Okay.	Listen, if you get too anxious, call me at the hospital, okay?
Listen, if you get too anxious, call me at the hospital, okay?	Yeah, I do, but go to work.
Yeah, I do, but go to work.	David, do you want me to stay here tonight?
David, do you want me to stay here tonight?	Werewolves simply do not exist.
Werewolves simply do not exist.	It's silly of you to be apprehensive.
It's silly of you to be apprehensive.	Tell me that it's silly of me to be apprehensive.
Tell me that it's silly of me to be apprehensive.	Anything.
Anything.	Do me an enormous favor?
Do me an enormous favor?	Let me go now, you'll make me late.
Let me go now, you'll make me late.	That's good, Alex.  Reassure me.
That's good, Alex.  Reassure me.	Tomorrow is the full moon.
Tomorrow is the full moon.	I wasn't hallucinating.
I wasn't hallucinating.	But, David.
But, David.	I was awake and he was in my room.
I was awake and he was in my room.	David, you don't honestly believe that in reality your friend Jack rose from the grave to breakfast with you? Do you really?
David, you don't honestly believe that in reality your friend Jack rose from the grave to breakfast with you? Do you really?	Good.
Good.	Of course.
Of course.	Will you be here in about fifteen minutes?
Will you be here in about fifteen minutes?	Yes?
Yes?	Alex?
Alex?	It's nice to see you.
It's nice to see you.	It's nice to see you.
It's nice to see you.	David, perhaps you'd like to watch the telly while I take a shower.
David, perhaps you'd like to watch the telly while I take a shower.	There is only one bed.
There is only one bed.	The bedroom.
The bedroom.	Lovely.
Lovely.	Bathroom.
Bathroom.	Charming.
Charming.	Closet.
Closet.	Very nice.
Very nice.	The kitchen.
The kitchen.	Yeah, I would think so, too.
Yeah, I would think so, too.	I would think so.
I would think so.	I was dreaming again?
I was dreaming again?	What do I think? You mean about the possibility of your becoming a monster in two days or about visits from dead friends?
What do I think? You mean about the possibility of your becoming a monster in two days or about visits from dead friends?	Yeah. He says that I will become a monster in two days. What do you think?
Yeah. He says that I will become a monster in two days. What do you think?	Your dead friend Jack?
Your dead friend Jack?	My friend Jack was just here.
My friend Jack was just here.	You're to be discharged tomorrow. Will you be all right?
You're to be discharged tomorrow. Will you be all right?	I'll let you know the next full moon.
I'll let you know the next full moon.	Are you better now?
Are you better now?	A werewolf?
A werewolf?	I'm a werewolf.
I'm a werewolf.	Good. I thought for a moment I was the only embarrassed one in the room.
Good. I thought for a moment I was the only embarrassed one in the room.	Now I'm embarrassed.
Now I'm embarrassed.	All I am to you is a sex fantasy then?
All I am to you is a sex fantasy then?	Forgive me, I'm trying to cheer myself up and an affair with a beautiful nurse seemed like just the thing to do it.
Forgive me, I'm trying to cheer myself up and an affair with a beautiful nurse seemed like just the thing to do it.	You're being awfully forward, aren't you?
You're being awfully forward, aren't you?	Not just a patient -- me.
Not just a patient -- me.	How did we get from your bad dreams to my taking a holiday with a patient?
How did we get from your bad dreams to my taking a holiday with a patient?	Will you think about it?
Will you think about it?	Now, David, I said I would keep you company, but I meant right here and now.
Now, David, I said I would keep you company, but I meant right here and now.	I'm serious. You don't know me and I know nothing about you. We have a perfect relationship.
I'm serious. You don't know me and I know nothing about you. We have a perfect relationship.	What?
What?	Will you come with me?
Will you come with me?	David, your dreams will stop. You'll leave England and your bad memories; and then this will all fade away.
David, your dreams will stop. You'll leave England and your bad memories; and then this will all fade away.	I keep having these really terrible dreams. They are getting worse and I can't seem to stop them.
I keep having these really terrible dreams. They are getting worse and I can't seem to stop them.	That's easy enough.
That's easy enough.	No, thank you. Just keep me company for a while.
No, thank you. Just keep me company for a while.	Don't be silly. Can I get you something?
Don't be silly. Can I get you something?	I'm sorry I woke you up.
I'm sorry I woke you up.	Hello. You all right?
Hello. You all right?	Ahem, A Word of Explanation. It was in Warwick Castle that I came across the curious stranger whom I am going to talk about. He attracted me by three things: his candid simplicity, his marvelous familiarity with ancient armor, and the restfulness of his company - for he did all the talking. We fell together as modest people will in the tail of the herd...
Ahem, A Word of Explanation. It was in Warwick Castle that I came across the curious stranger whom I am going to talk about. He attracted me by three things: his candid simplicity, his marvelous familiarity with ancient armor, and the restfulness of his company - for he did all the talking. We fell together as modest people will in the tail of the herd...	Yes, go on.
Yes, go on.	A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court by Samuel L. Clemens. This is after the preface but before chapter one: A Word of Explanation. You all right?
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court by Samuel L. Clemens. This is after the preface but before chapter one: A Word of Explanation. You all right?	What? Oh, yes, please.
What? Oh, yes, please.	Shall I read to you?
Shall I read to you?	My best friend. My very best friend.
My best friend. My very best friend.	Was Jack Goodman your good friend?
Was Jack Goodman your good friend?	Now what do you want to talk about?
Now what do you want to talk about?	I know.
I know.	I'm twenty-seven.
I'm twenty-seven.	Twenty-eight.
Twenty-eight.	How old are you?
How old are you?	That's not really a very proper question.
That's not really a very proper question.	How old are you?
How old are you?	It's okay. I want to talk to you.
It's okay. I want to talk to you.	I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked you.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked you.	I dream of death mostly.
I dream of death mostly.	What do you dream about?
What do you dream about?	I've just started it. My friend gave it to me.
I've just started it. My friend gave it to me.	Do you like it?
Do you like it?	'A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court' by Mark Twain.
'A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court' by Mark Twain.	I was. What are you reading?
I was. What are you reading?	I thought you were asleep.
I thought you were asleep.	You're a very beautiful girl.
You're a very beautiful girl.	Will you give me a break?
Will you give me a break?	Let's try a little harder, shall we?
Let's try a little harder, shall we?	Right.
Right.	This is absurd. I'm not hungry. I don't want any food.
This is absurd. I'm not hungry. I don't want any food.	Shall I be forced to feed you, David?
Shall I be forced to feed you, David?	Call me David.
Call me David.	Shall I be forced to feed you, Mr. Kessler?
Shall I be forced to feed you, Mr. Kessler?	Aw come on, Alex!
Aw come on, Alex!	Call me Alex.
Call me Alex.	Aw come on, Miss Price!
Aw come on, Miss Price!	Sorry.
Sorry.	Leave the pills. I'll take them later.
Leave the pills. I'll take them later.	Well, you're to take these after you've eaten. Now what kind of nurse would I be if I failed in so simple a task as giving out some pills?
Well, you're to take these after you've eaten. Now what kind of nurse would I be if I failed in so simple a task as giving out some pills?	How is that?
How is that?	You put me in an awkward position, Mr. Kessler.
You put me in an awkward position, Mr. Kessler.	Please, really. I'm not hungry.
Please, really. I'm not hungry.	I'm afraid you have to eat something.
I'm afraid you have to eat something.	I'm not very hungry, thank you.
I'm not very hungry, thank you.	You haven't eaten your lunch.
You haven't eaten your lunch.	Yes?
Yes?	Mr. Kessler?
Mr. Kessler?	A wolf.
A wolf.	What?
What?	It was a wolf.
It was a wolf.	I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?	It wasn't a lunatic.
It wasn't a lunatic.	I thought not.
I thought not.	No.
No.	Benjamin, have you ever been severely beaten about the face and neck?
Benjamin, have you ever been severely beaten about the face and neck?	No!
No!	No what?
No what?	No.
No.	How are we feeling tonight?
How are we feeling tonight?	Right.
Right.	No.
No.	The doctor will be round later. Would you like a picture book to look at? We have some lovely funny Beanos.
The doctor will be round later. Would you like a picture book to look at? We have some lovely funny Beanos.	No.
No.	Feeling better?
Feeling better?	No.
No.	Well, all right then, be that way. Here, swallow this.
Well, all right then, be that way. Here, swallow this.	No.
No.	No what?
No what?	No.
No.	Hello, Benjamin.
Hello, Benjamin.	Really, Susan, I don't think that was very proper, and besides, it's common practice now.
Really, Susan, I don't think that was very proper, and besides, it's common practice now.	I looked.
I looked.	Why on earth do you say that?
Why on earth do you say that?	I think he's a Jew.
I think he's a Jew.	Chart says he's from New York.
Chart says he's from New York.	He's an American, you know. Dr. Hirsch is going to fetch round one of those Embassy fellows to see him.
He's an American, you know. Dr. Hirsch is going to fetch round one of those Embassy fellows to see him.	Yes, I should think. He called out just now.
Yes, I should think. He called out just now.	He all right?
He all right?	Yes, Mrs. Hobbs.
Yes, Mrs. Hobbs.	Nothing quite as dramatic as that, Miss Price. He just doesn't eat enough of what is put before him. He suffers from nightmares. I'd think he just needs a hand to hold.
Nothing quite as dramatic as that, Miss Price. He just doesn't eat enough of what is put before him. He suffers from nightmares. I'd think he just needs a hand to hold.	Has he been refusing food?
Has he been refusing food?	Take these round now, will you please? The American boy in twenty-one is only to have these after he's eaten. Will you be sure of that?
Take these round now, will you please? The American boy in twenty-one is only to have these after he's eaten. Will you be sure of that?	Yes, Mrs. Hobbs.
Yes, Mrs. Hobbs.	Miss Price.
Miss Price.	That's what I want you to do, you moron!
That's what I want you to do, you moron!	You're going to have to stop this disturbance or I shall arrest you.
You're going to have to stop this disturbance or I shall arrest you.	Who is this girl?
Who is this girl?	Shakespeare was French! The Queen Mother sucks cocks in hell! Shit! Fuck! Piss!
Shakespeare was French! The Queen Mother sucks cocks in hell! Shit! Fuck! Piss!	Now see here young man.
Now see here young man.	Queen Elizabeth is a man! Prince Charles is a faggot! Winston Churchill was full of shit!
Queen Elizabeth is a man! Prince Charles is a faggot! Winston Churchill was full of shit!	There's no call for that kind of language.
There's no call for that kind of language.	Hey, you asshole! I want you to arrest me!
Hey, you asshole! I want you to arrest me!	All right, you two, move along.
All right, you two, move along.	You did, did you?
You did, did you?	Officer, I killed those people last night.
Officer, I killed those people last night.	Why are you doing this to me?
Why are you doing this to me?	No, David. Harry and I and everyone you murder are not dead. The undead.
No, David. Harry and I and everyone you murder are not dead. The undead.	That's easy for you to say - you're already dead.
That's easy for you to say - you're already dead.	You've left my wife a widow and my children fatherless. And I understand that I am to walk the earth one of the living dead until the wolf's bloodline is severed and the curse lifted.
You've left my wife a widow and my children fatherless. And I understand that I am to walk the earth one of the living dead until the wolf's bloodline is severed and the curse lifted.	Mr. Bringsly, I'm sorry. I have absolutely no idea what to say to you.
Mr. Bringsly, I'm sorry. I have absolutely no idea what to say to you.	This isn't Mr. Goodman's idea. He is your good friend, whereas I am a victim of your carnivorous lunar activities.
This isn't Mr. Goodman's idea. He is your good friend, whereas I am a victim of your carnivorous lunar activities.	Why are you doing this to me, Jack?
Why are you doing this to me, Jack?	You could have told them!
You could have told them!	No one brought them here! No one wanted them here!
No one brought them here! No one wanted them here!	That's very funny, that is.
That's very funny, that is.	Oh, all right. There was this airplane over the Atlantic on its way to New York. It was full of men from the United Nations.
Oh, all right. There was this airplane over the Atlantic on its way to New York. It was full of men from the United Nations.	No. You've had your chance.
No. You've had your chance.	Oh, come on, tell us.
Oh, come on, tell us.	All right, laugh then. I shan't tell it.
All right, laugh then. I shan't tell it.	Quiet, everyone! Hush! Shhh!
Quiet, everyone! Hush! Shhh!	You be quiet, woman, and let me speak.
You be quiet, woman, and let me speak.	No, but we're about to.
No, but we're about to.	Here, Gladys, Tom. Did you hear the one about the crashing plane?
Here, Gladys, Tom. Did you hear the one about the crashing plane?	Bambi?
Bambi?	Yes, but does everyone kill Bambi?
Yes, but does everyone kill Bambi?	Some, everyone does.
Some, everyone does.	Do you have bad dreams, too?
Do you have bad dreams, too?	An American film about the Mafia called 'See You Next Wednesday', and I want to see it badly, so you give me no problems and go to sleep.
An American film about the Mafia called 'See You Next Wednesday', and I want to see it badly, so you give me no problems and go to sleep.	What are you going to see?
What are you going to see?	Miss Price, the other nurse that attended you.
Miss Price, the other nurse that attended you.	Alex?
Alex?	It's nearly eight. I'm off duty shortly, then I'm off to the films with Alex.
It's nearly eight. I'm off duty shortly, then I'm off to the films with Alex.	What time is it?
What time is it?	Now go back to sleep so you'll be fresh for Dr. Hirsch in the morning.
Now go back to sleep so you'll be fresh for Dr. Hirsch in the morning.	I was having a nightmare.
I was having a nightmare.	Mr. Kessler? Wake up, please.
Mr. Kessler? Wake up, please.	Of course not, David. I'll fetch in young Miss Price.
Of course not, David. I'll fetch in young Miss Price.	Dr. Hirsch?  I'd rather not be by myself.
Dr. Hirsch?  I'd rather not be by myself.	Believe me. The Hound of the Baskervilles was an invention of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's. And if you'd read the bloody book, you'd find that Holmes discovered your house of hell a fraud, a fake.
Believe me. The Hound of the Baskervilles was an invention of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's. And if you'd read the bloody book, you'd find that Holmes discovered your house of hell a fraud, a fake.	You really think I'm crazy, don't you?
You really think I'm crazy, don't you?	David, please. The police are satisfied. I'm certain that if a monster were out roaming northern England we'd have seen it on the telly.
David, please. The police are satisfied. I'm certain that if a monster were out roaming northern England we'd have seen it on the telly.	Then why the hell are you so quick to disbelieve me? You yourself said it must have taken incredible strength to tear apart a person like that.
Then why the hell are you so quick to disbelieve me? You yourself said it must have taken incredible strength to tear apart a person like that.	I really don't know.
I really don't know.	Did you talk to the police in East Proctor? Did the cops go to The Slaughtered Lamb?
Did you talk to the police in East Proctor? Did the cops go to The Slaughtered Lamb?	No. In fact, your wounds were cleaned and dressed before you arrived here.
No. In fact, your wounds were cleaned and dressed before you arrived here.	Did you see Jack?
Did you see Jack?	You'd be surprised what horrors a man is capable of.
You'd be surprised what horrors a man is capable of.	Look, Dr. Hirsch, I know I've been traumatized, but Jack was torn apart. I saw him. A man can't do that to someone with his bare hands.
Look, Dr. Hirsch, I know I've been traumatized, but Jack was torn apart. I saw him. A man can't do that to someone with his bare hands.	Yes.
Yes.	I've told you, it wasn't a man. It was an animal. A big wolf or something. A rabid dog.
I've told you, it wasn't a man. It was an animal. A big wolf or something. A rabid dog.	Did you get a good look at the man who attacked you?
Did you get a good look at the man who attacked you?	Sure, as a kid. But never so real. Never so bizarre.
Sure, as a kid. But never so real. Never so bizarre.	You've never had bad dreams before?
You've never had bad dreams before?	Doctor, my memory is fine. It's my sanity I'm beginning to worry about.
Doctor, my memory is fine. It's my sanity I'm beginning to worry about.	In time I'm sure it will all come back to you.
In time I'm sure it will all come back to you.	How could there have been witnesses? It was so dark. We were running and I fell and Jack went to help me up and this thing came from nowhere... I don't understand what they're talking about.
How could there have been witnesses? It was so dark. We were running and I fell and Jack went to help me up and this thing came from nowhere... I don't understand what they're talking about.	So they said.
So they said.	There were witnesses?
There were witnesses?	Now we've just given you a pretty strong sedative, so try to get some rest now. Miss Price will see to your needs. Rest now.
Now we've just given you a pretty strong sedative, so try to get some rest now. Miss Price will see to your needs. Rest now.	Lunatic?
Lunatic?	You've suffered some rather severe cuts and bruises, lost a bit of blood, but nothing too serious; black and blue for a while. You'll have some dueling scars to boast of. That lunatic must have been a very fierce fellow. They say a mad man has the strength of ten.
You've suffered some rather severe cuts and bruises, lost a bit of blood, but nothing too serious; black and blue for a while. You'll have some dueling scars to boast of. That lunatic must have been a very fierce fellow. They say a mad man has the strength of ten.	Two weeks?
Two weeks?	You've been unconscious since you were brought in two weeks ago.
You've been unconscious since you were brought in two weeks ago.	How long have I been here?
How long have I been here?	Get your fucking hands off me! What the hell is going on here?
Get your fucking hands off me! What the hell is going on here?	Miss Price! Miss Price, please!
Miss Price! Miss Price, please!	Now, David, I want you to prepare yourself; your friend is dead.
Now, David, I want you to prepare yourself; your friend is dead.	The guy I was with. Is he all right? How did I get to London?
The guy I was with. Is he all right? How did I get to London?	I should think so after your recent traumatic experiences.
I should think so after your recent traumatic experiences.	London? Where's Jack? I had a strange dream.
London? Where's Jack? I had a strange dream.	You're in a hospital in London.
You're in a hospital in London.	Where am I?
Where am I?	Hello, David. I am Dr. Hirsch and this is a countryman of yours, Mr. Collins.
Hello, David. I am Dr. Hirsch and this is a countryman of yours, Mr. Collins.	If you did it wrong, it would be painful. You'd choke to death.
If you did it wrong, it would be painful. You'd choke to death.	I could hang myself.
I could hang myself.	How shall I do it?
How shall I do it?	Because this must be stopped.
Because this must be stopped.	Gerald is the man you murdered in the subway. We thought it best you didn't see him as he's a fresh kill and still pretty messy.
Gerald is the man you murdered in the subway. We thought it best you didn't see him as he's a fresh kill and still pretty messy.	Hello.
Hello.	David Kessler, this is Gerald Bringsly.
David Kessler, this is Gerald Bringsly.	I want you to meet some people.
I want you to meet some people.	Well, even if I'm not the wolfman, I am crazy enough to do something like that. I mean, here I sit in Leicester Square talking to a corpse. I'm glad to see you, Jack.
Well, even if I'm not the wolfman, I am crazy enough to do something like that. I mean, here I sit in Leicester Square talking to a corpse. I'm glad to see you, Jack.	What about the zoo?
What about the zoo?	I didn't mean it. I don't know what I'm saying. I'm not even sure it was me who killed those people. I don't remember doing it.
I didn't mean it. I don't know what I'm saying. I'm not even sure it was me who killed those people. I don't remember doing it.	Thank you.
Thank you.	You look awful.
You look awful.	If I was still alive, I probably would.
If I was still alive, I probably would.	Aren't you going to say, 'I told you so'?
Aren't you going to say, 'I told you so'?	You don't have to say anything.
You don't have to say anything.	What can I say, Jack?
What can I say, Jack?	Hi, David.
Hi, David.	Hi, Jack.
Hi, Jack.	I will not accept this! Now go away!
I will not accept this! Now go away!	The canines will be real. You'll taste real blood! God damit, David, please believe me! You'll kill and make others like me! I'm not having a nice time, David! Don't allow this to happen again! You must take your own life!
The canines will be real. You'll taste real blood! God damit, David, please believe me! You'll kill and make others like me! I'm not having a nice time, David! Don't allow this to happen again! You must take your own life!	What, Jack? That tomorrow night beneath the full moon I'll sprout hair and fangs and eat people? Bullshit!
What, Jack? That tomorrow night beneath the full moon I'll sprout hair and fangs and eat people? Bullshit!	You must believe me.
You must believe me.	I think I've lost my mind. I think you're not real. I think I'm asleep and you're a part of another bad dream.
I think I've lost my mind. I think you're not real. I think I'm asleep and you're a part of another bad dream.	What do you think?
What do you think?	Jack, are you really dead?
Jack, are you really dead?	You must take your own life now, David, before it's too late.
You must take your own life now, David, before it's too late.	A monster. I know, I know.
A monster. I know, I know.	David, tomorrow night is the full moon. You'll change, you'll become...
David, tomorrow night is the full moon. You'll change, you'll become...	Get out of here, Jack!
Get out of here, Jack!	Yes.
Yes.	I understand all right. You're one of the undead and I'm a werewolf.
I understand all right. You're one of the undead and I'm a werewolf.	David, I'm sorry I upset you yesterday, but you must understand what is going on.
David, I'm sorry I upset you yesterday, but you must understand what is going on.	Okay, you've seen me. Now go away.
Okay, you've seen me. Now go away.	I wanted to see you.
I wanted to see you.	What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?	Don't be an asshole, David. Come here.
Don't be an asshole, David. Come here.	You're not real.
You're not real.	It's cold, David, and I'm so alone. The undead surround me. Have you ever talked to a corpse? It's boring! I'm lonely! Kill yourself, David, before you kill others.
It's cold, David, and I'm so alone. The undead surround me. Have you ever talked to a corpse? It's boring! I'm lonely! Kill yourself, David, before you kill others.	Nurse! Oh God! Alex!
Nurse! Oh God! Alex!	The supernatural! The powers of darkness! It's all true. Take your own life! Suicide, David. Join me.
The supernatural! The powers of darkness! It's all true. Take your own life! Suicide, David. Join me.	Nurse!
Nurse!	Listen to me! Take your own life, David. It's our only chance.
Listen to me! Take your own life, David. It's our only chance.	Nurse!
Nurse!	David, please believe me. You will kill people, David. You've got to stop the bloodshed before it begins.
David, please believe me. You will kill people, David. You've got to stop the bloodshed before it begins.	You're talking like Boris Karloff! It's movie dialogue!
You're talking like Boris Karloff! It's movie dialogue!	You'll stalk the streets of London a creature of the night.
You'll stalk the streets of London a creature of the night.	Jack, please go away. Please go away.
Jack, please go away. Please go away.	Beware the moon. The full moon, David. You've got two days.
Beware the moon. The full moon, David. You've got two days.	Stop it, Jack.
Stop it, Jack.	Remember what that guy at The Slaughtered Lamb said? 'Beware the moon.'
Remember what that guy at The Slaughtered Lamb said? 'Beware the moon.'	What are you talking about? I won't accept this! Get out! God damit!
What are you talking about? I won't accept this! Get out! God damit!	You survived and now you shall continue the curse.
You survived and now you shall continue the curse.	What?!
What?!	It's you, David.
It's you, David.	Will you be quiet?!
Will you be quiet?!	The wolf's bloodline must be severed. The last remaining werewolf must be destroyed.
The wolf's bloodline must be severed. The last remaining werewolf must be destroyed.	What's wrong with you? Shut up!
What's wrong with you? Shut up!	I was murdered, an unnatural death, and now I walk the earth in limbo until the werewolf's curse is lifted.
I was murdered, an unnatural death, and now I walk the earth in limbo until the werewolf's curse is lifted.	Shut up, you zombie!
Shut up, you zombie!	On the moors, we were attacked by a lycanthrope, a werewolf.
On the moors, we were attacked by a lycanthrope, a werewolf.	I'm not listening!
I'm not listening!	We were attacked by a werewolf.
We were attacked by a werewolf.	If you love me so much, Jack, you'll realize how disconcerting it is to share one's breakfast with the living dead!
If you love me so much, Jack, you'll realize how disconcerting it is to share one's breakfast with the living dead!	I'm a grisly sight, it's true; but I love you and that's why I'm here. You've got to know.
I'm a grisly sight, it's true; but I love you and that's why I'm here. You've got to know.	Warn me? Will you get out of here, you meat loaf?
Warn me? Will you get out of here, you meat loaf?	David, now I know this may be hard for you, but I have to warn you.
David, now I know this may be hard for you, but I have to warn you.	What?!
What?!	David!
David!	I'm going completely crazy.
I'm going completely crazy.	Life mocks me even in death.
Life mocks me even in death.	Rudy Levine the shmuck?
Rudy Levine the shmuck?	So you know what she does? She's so grief stricken she runs to find solace in Rudy Levine's bed.
So you know what she does? She's so grief stricken she runs to find solace in Rudy Levine's bed.	I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.	Debbie Klein cried a lot.
Debbie Klein cried a lot.	Why should you be surprised? You were a very well-liked person.
Why should you be surprised? You were a very well-liked person.	Yeah. Your parents came to my funeral. I was surprised at how many people came.
Yeah. Your parents came to my funeral. I was surprised at how many people came.	Aren't you supposed to be buried in New York someplace?
Aren't you supposed to be buried in New York someplace?	I'm sorry to be upsetting you, David, but I had to come.
I'm sorry to be upsetting you, David, but I had to come.	Hurting your feelings? Has it occurred to you that it may be unsettling to have you rise from your grave to visit me? Listen to me, I'm talking to a hamburger!
Hurting your feelings? Has it occurred to you that it may be unsettling to have you rise from your grave to visit me? Listen to me, I'm talking to a hamburger!	David! You're hurting my feelings.
David! You're hurting my feelings.	I'm aware that I don't look so great, but I thought you'd be glad to see me.
I'm aware that I don't look so great, but I thought you'd be glad to see me.	This is too much. I can't handle this.
This is too much. I can't handle this.	Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.	Get the fuck out of here, Jack.
Get the fuck out of here, Jack.	Nice to see you.
Nice to see you.	Are you going to help me up?
Are you going to help me up?	You really scared me, you shithead.
You really scared me, you shithead.	Well. I'm glad we... WHOAA!!
Well. I'm glad we... WHOAA!!	I'll tell you when we get there.
I'll tell you when we get there.	Where are we going?
Where are we going?	Yeah.
Yeah.	Jack?
Jack?	Not far enough. Come on.
Not far enough. Come on.	It sounds far away.
It sounds far away.	No.
No.	See anything?
See anything?	Walking away, yes, sir. Here we are walking away.
Walking away, yes, sir. Here we are walking away.	Walk away, Jack.
Walk away, Jack.	Nice doggie. Good boy.
Nice doggie. Good boy.	A sheep dog or something. Turn slowly and let's walk away.
A sheep dog or something. Turn slowly and let's walk away.	Oh shit. What is that?
Oh shit. What is that?	Do you think it's a dog?
Do you think it's a dog?	It's in front of us.
It's in front of us.	Let's just keep walking.
Let's just keep walking.	Plan?
Plan?	What's the plan?
What's the plan?	It's circling us.
It's circling us.	It's moving.
It's moving.	Anywhere! I think we should just keep moving.
Anywhere! I think we should just keep moving.	Come on, where?
Come on, where?	I don't know. Come on.
I don't know. Come on.	Shit! David, what is that?
Shit! David, what is that?	Yeah.
Yeah.	I vote we go back to The Slaughtered Lamb.
I vote we go back to The Slaughtered Lamb.	It's a full moon, 'beware the moon'.
It's a full moon, 'beware the moon'.	No, but he was on the moors.
No, but he was on the moors.	Heathcliffe didn't howl.
Heathcliffe didn't howl.	Heathcliffe.
Heathcliffe.	Pecos Bill.
Pecos Bill.	The Hound of the Baskervilles.
The Hound of the Baskervilles.	There aren't any coyotes in England.
There aren't any coyotes in England.	A coyote.
A coyote.	Yeah?
Yeah?	Could be a lot of things.
Could be a lot of things.	What was it?
What was it?	I heard that.
I heard that.	Did you hear that?
Did you hear that?	I'm well aware of how pleasant the weather is in Rome at the present time thank you.
I'm well aware of how pleasant the weather is in Rome at the present time thank you.	Say, David...
Say, David...	I see and they were too embarrassed to talk about it, because they felt so silly.
I see and they were too embarrassed to talk about it, because they felt so silly.	Maybe that pentangle was for something supernatural.
Maybe that pentangle was for something supernatural.	I have no idea.
I have no idea.	What do you think was wrong?
What do you think was wrong?	Well, not quite a blood-thirsty mob.
Well, not quite a blood-thirsty mob.	I don't know. Now that we're out here and it's three degrees, I'm not so sure I wouldn't rather face a blood-thirsty mob.
I don't know. Now that we're out here and it's three degrees, I'm not so sure I wouldn't rather face a blood-thirsty mob.	That was weird. I guess leaving was the best idea.
That was weird. I guess leaving was the best idea.	Come on, I'm freezing.
Come on, I'm freezing.	Beware the moon?
Beware the moon?	I don't know. Let's see if there's an inn or something up the road.
I don't know. Let's see if there's an inn or something up the road.	What the hell was that all about?
What the hell was that all about?	Apparently so.
Apparently so.	Come on, Jack, shall we go?!!
Come on, Jack, shall we go?!!	What do you mean? I'm starving.
What do you mean? I'm starving.	Jack, we'd better go.
Jack, we'd better go.	You ask them.
You ask them.	Go on, ask them.
Go on, ask them.	Wrong.
Wrong.	Right.
Right.	I see. You want me to ask these people if they're burning candles to ward off monsters.
I see. You want me to ask these people if they're burning candles to ward off monsters.	Listen, that's a pentangle, a five- pointed star. It's used in witchcraft. Lon Chaney, Jr. and Universal Studios maintain it's the mark of the wolf man.
Listen, that's a pentangle, a five- pointed star. It's used in witchcraft. Lon Chaney, Jr. and Universal Studios maintain it's the mark of the wolf man.	You ask them.
You ask them.	Ask them what the candles are for.
Ask them what the candles are for.	Maybe the owners are from Texas.
Maybe the owners are from Texas.	It's a five-pointed star.
It's a five-pointed star.	What about it?
What about it?	Look at that.
Look at that.	Listen, at least it's warm in here.
Listen, at least it's warm in here.	Nice looking group.
Nice looking group.	Nice to see you.
Nice to see you.	Hello.
Hello.	Shall we?
Shall we?	Okay.
Okay.	I assume full responsibility.
I assume full responsibility.	David, before we go in there I want you to know that - no matter what happens to us - it's your fault.
David, before we go in there I want you to know that - no matter what happens to us - it's your fault.	A severed wolf's head on a pike as their symbol.
A severed wolf's head on a pike as their symbol.	That's not a spear. It's a pike.
That's not a spear. It's a pike.	Of course, The Slaughtered Lamb. Why else would they have a severed wolf's head on a spear as their symbol?
Of course, The Slaughtered Lamb. Why else would they have a severed wolf's head on a spear as their symbol?	That's a wolf's head.
That's a wolf's head.	Of course, The Slaughtered Lamb. Why else would they have a severed fox head on a spear as their symbol?
Of course, The Slaughtered Lamb. Why else would they have a severed fox head on a spear as their symbol?	The Slaughtered Lamb?
The Slaughtered Lamb?	She says she 'likes me too much'.
She says she 'likes me too much'.	We've known Debbie what, since the eighth grade? How many years of foreplay is that?
We've known Debbie what, since the eighth grade? How many years of foreplay is that?	It is impossible for a body like that to be dull.
It is impossible for a body like that to be dull.	It just fascinates me that you can spend so much energy on someone so dull.
It just fascinates me that you can spend so much energy on someone so dull.	I have to make love to her. It's very simple. She has no choice really.
I have to make love to her. It's very simple. She has no choice really.	If you don't stop, I'm going to kill you.
If you don't stop, I'm going to kill you.	Rendezvous in Rome starring Jack Goodman and Debbie Klein. The love affair that shocked Europe! See torrid lovemaking at its most explicit! See Jack and Debbie expose their lust in the sacred halls of the Vatican! Never has the screen dared...
Rendezvous in Rome starring Jack Goodman and Debbie Klein. The love affair that shocked Europe! See torrid lovemaking at its most explicit! See Jack and Debbie expose their lust in the sacred halls of the Vatican! Never has the screen dared...	I don't know.
I don't know.	Well, anyway, do you think she'll be there?
Well, anyway, do you think she'll be there?	I'm talking about a girl you want to fuck, so give me a break.
I'm talking about a girl you want to fuck, so give me a break.	You're talking about the woman I love.
You're talking about the woman I love.	She's a jerk.
She's a jerk.	Debbie is not mediocre and she has one of the great bodies of all time.
Debbie is not mediocre and she has one of the great bodies of all time.	I think Debbie Klein is a mediocre person with a good body.
I think Debbie Klein is a mediocre person with a good body.	Do you think she'll meet me in Rome?
Do you think she'll meet me in Rome?	Right.
Right.	I'm sorry. Northern England first, Italy later.
I'm sorry. Northern England first, Italy later.	Well, I like it here.
Well, I like it here.	Oh, I don't know. I mean look around. Isn't this a fun place?
Oh, I don't know. I mean look around. Isn't this a fun place?	You're not having a good time are you?
You're not having a good time are you?	David.
David.	Jack.
Jack.	Good.
Good.	Yes.
Yes.	Are you cold?
Are you cold?	Stay here. If we need you, we'll know where to reach you.
Stay here. If we need you, we'll know where to reach you.	What can we do to assist you?
What can we do to assist you?	Regardless of what you think, Lieutenant, the fact remains that David is missing and that we must find him.
Regardless of what you think, Lieutenant, the fact remains that David is missing and that we must find him.	The forensic lads seem to feel that some sort of animal was involved, that's true, but I hardly think...
The forensic lads seem to feel that some sort of animal was involved, that's true, but I hardly think...	Why don't we ask him?
Why don't we ask him?	Has David Kessler anything to say concerning the attack on the moors?
Has David Kessler anything to say concerning the attack on the moors?	You were saying?
You were saying?	Well, then, what can I do for Scotland Yard?
Well, then, what can I do for Scotland Yard?	No, thank you, Doctor.
No, thank you, Doctor.	Come in, come in. Please sit. Some tea?
Come in, come in. Please sit. Some tea?	Dr. Hirsch?
Dr. Hirsch?	Tell him I'm out. No, tell him I've passed away. An old war wound or something. Tell him I'm dead. And no more calls!
Tell him I'm out. No, tell him I've passed away. An old war wound or something. Tell him I'm dead. And no more calls!	He's on the telephone.
He's on the telephone.	What here?
What here?	Roger Mathison, Doctor.
Roger Mathison, Doctor.	Excuse me.  Yes?
Excuse me.  Yes?	Send them in.
Send them in.	Lt. Villiers and Sgt. McManus are here to see you, Doctor.
Lt. Villiers and Sgt. McManus are here to see you, Doctor.	Yes?
Yes?	I see. You've heard nothing about the incident?
I see. You've heard nothing about the incident?	Oh, that's been there for two hundred years. We were going to paint it out, but it's traditional, so we left it.
Oh, that's been there for two hundred years. We were going to paint it out, but it's traditional, so we left it.	What's that?
What's that?	I suppose Guinness will suffice.
I suppose Guinness will suffice.	Sorry, love.
Sorry, love.	Campari and soda would do nicely.
Campari and soda would do nicely.	Hello, there. What can I get you?
Hello, there. What can I get you?	I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?	Remember the Alamo?
Remember the Alamo?	But I can heat some up for you if you'd like.
But I can heat some up for you if you'd like.	Oh.
Oh.	No.
No.	Then you have some hot tea?
Then you have some hot tea?	We've got spirits and beer. If it's something hot you want, you can have tea.
We've got spirits and beer. If it's something hot you want, you can have tea.	Hot chocolate?
Hot chocolate?	No.
No.	Do you have any hot soup?
Do you have any hot soup?	We'll find him, not to worry.
We'll find him, not to worry.	I cannot accept a connection between David Kessler and last night's murders. We will find him, however. I can assure you of that.
I cannot accept a connection between David Kessler and last night's murders. We will find him, however. I can assure you of that.	That is precisely my point. David, as far as we are concerned, the matter is closed. We won't trouble you any further. Good day.
That is precisely my point. David, as far as we are concerned, the matter is closed. We won't trouble you any further. Good day.	I don't rightly know, sir.
I don't rightly know, sir.	And what, Sergeant?
And what, Sergeant?	Lieutenant, the boy seems pretty lucid to me and...
Lieutenant, the boy seems pretty lucid to me and...	Sgt. McManus, are you suggesting that David and Jack were, in fact, attacked by some animal and that the officialdom of East Proctor has conspired to keep it a secret? We have an autopsy report on the murderer who was shot in the act by the local police. We have two witnesses to the crime. You'll forgive me, Mr. Kessler, if I consider your testimony as coming from someone who has gone through a terrible shock.
Sgt. McManus, are you suggesting that David and Jack were, in fact, attacked by some animal and that the officialdom of East Proctor has conspired to keep it a secret? We have an autopsy report on the murderer who was shot in the act by the local police. We have two witnesses to the crime. You'll forgive me, Mr. Kessler, if I consider your testimony as coming from someone who has gone through a terrible shock.	He may have a point, Lieutenant. Two strong boys would be able to defend themselves against one man.
He may have a point, Lieutenant. Two strong boys would be able to defend themselves against one man.	Has Mr. Kessler said anything regarding the attack on the moors?
Has Mr. Kessler said anything regarding the attack on the moors?	Sorry.
Sorry.	I'd like some tea, please.
I'd like some tea, please.	No, thank you.
No, thank you.	Check out the other guy's buns.
Check out the other guy's buns.	Look at that guy. What a hunk.
Look at that guy. What a hunk.	Deb, I want to throw you a shower.
Deb, I want to throw you a shower.	I'm totally blown away. You're getting married. It seems like only yesterday I showed you how to have oral sex.
I'm totally blown away. You're getting married. It seems like only yesterday I showed you how to have oral sex.	Really -- you went with him for two years.
Really -- you went with him for two years.	Does Cole know about this?
Does Cole know about this?	...Really?
...Really?	Debbie's marrying Rick.
Debbie's marrying Rick.	What's happening?
What's happening?	Right in here. The big show starts in one minute.
Right in here. The big show starts in one minute.	Deb, we're pretending to be hookers.
Deb, we're pretending to be hookers.	I feel like I'm spying on Rick.
I feel like I'm spying on Rick.	That's what we're going to find out...
That's what we're going to find out...	Nah. Everything's cool... I took care of 'em. 
Nah. Everything's cool... I took care of 'em. 	You're kidding.
You're kidding.	I forgot to tell you. Yesterday I found a bunch of pornos in the back seat of O'Neill's car.
I forgot to tell you. Yesterday I found a bunch of pornos in the back seat of O'Neill's car.	What do you mean?
What do you mean?	They'll probably get drunk, and watch dirty movies. But don't worry about the dirty movies.
They'll probably get drunk, and watch dirty movies. But don't worry about the dirty movies.	What do you think's gonna go on at the guys' party?
What do you think's gonna go on at the guys' party?	No. As far as they're concerned the only good Rick is a dead Rick. But I don't care... it's my decision.
No. As far as they're concerned the only good Rick is a dead Rick. But I don't care... it's my decision.	He's not gonna be happy. And your parents can't be too thrilled either.
He's not gonna be happy. And your parents can't be too thrilled either.	He still thinks I'm going with him. I'm going to break the news to him tomorrow.
He still thinks I'm going with him. I'm going to break the news to him tomorrow.	O'Neill just tole me. It's sooo great... I don't believe it.
O'Neill just tole me. It's sooo great... I don't believe it.	Bobbie, what are you talking about?
Bobbie, what are you talking about?	Debbie... I don't believe it. I'm so excited.
Debbie... I don't believe it. I'm so excited.	Women!
Women!	I don't get it, but at least Gary's got the real stuff coming up here in a few minutes.
I don't get it, but at least Gary's got the real stuff coming up here in a few minutes.	Sex is my one thing. I'm good at it.
Sex is my one thing. I'm good at it.	Chulo, one thing at a time.
Chulo, one thing at a time.	Where's the women, man? We gotta have women.
Where's the women, man? We gotta have women.	Yeah. Right. All the things that make life worth living.
Yeah. Right. All the things that make life worth living.	Yeah, man. Let's throw a bachelor party with drugs, booze and broads.
Yeah, man. Let's throw a bachelor party with drugs, booze and broads.	You're kidding.
You're kidding.	What?
What?	Yeah. What is it?
Yeah. What is it?	Rick's got an important announcement to make.
Rick's got an important announcement to make.	I'm glad you guys came by... What's the occasion?
I'm glad you guys came by... What's the occasion?	Hey, man, congratulations!
Hey, man, congratulations!	Yes, gentlemen. Saturday after next, I lose my amateur standing and turn pro.
Yes, gentlemen. Saturday after next, I lose my amateur standing and turn pro.	Okay... This is it... I'm getting married.
Okay... This is it... I'm getting married.	Man, you're losing your audience.
Man, you're losing your audience.	Too bad, man, that blows my chance to be Ambassador to France.
Too bad, man, that blows my chance to be Ambassador to France.	I've decided not to run for President.
I've decided not to run for President.	Great. I'll go with you. Wait a second. Hey, Raul! Move that car, will you?
Great. I'll go with you. Wait a second. Hey, Raul! Move that car, will you?	We're going for a little liquid refreshment.
We're going for a little liquid refreshment.	Hey, you guys, what's going on?
Hey, you guys, what's going on?	I'd like to jerk and press those babies.
I'd like to jerk and press those babies.	Denmark makes great Nautilus equipment.
Denmark makes great Nautilus equipment.	When do the girls get to the party?
When do the girls get to the party?	All right!
All right!	What time are we supposed to get to the hotel?
What time are we supposed to get to the hotel?	I hope so. Hundred bucks apiece is a lot of dinero.
I hope so. Hundred bucks apiece is a lot of dinero.	Yeah, man, he's got us a great room at the hotel and lots of chicks.
Yeah, man, he's got us a great room at the hotel and lots of chicks.	You sure Gary's got this whole party deal together?
You sure Gary's got this whole party deal together?	Fan out and look for them.
Fan out and look for them.	He and Debbie stand outside the theater, which is a multi-plex cinema. Fourteen movie theaters under one roof. Prominent is a sign which reads: "24 HOUR 3D FESTIVAL!" Cole drags Debbie into one of the theaters. The gang runs up to the theaters.
He and Debbie stand outside the theater, which is a multi-plex cinema. Fourteen movie theaters under one roof. Prominent is a sign which reads: "24 HOUR 3D FESTIVAL!" Cole drags Debbie into one of the theaters. The gang runs up to the theaters.	She's mine!
She's mine!	Cole, what the hell are you doing?
Cole, what the hell are you doing?	You've had it. I'm gonna get you.
You've had it. I'm gonna get you.	Cole, when was the last time you had a lobotomy?
Cole, when was the last time you had a lobotomy?	Rick... Debbie is mine. She'll always be.
Rick... Debbie is mine. She'll always be.	Shit!
Shit!	Maybe it had something to do.
Maybe it had something to do.	Shit, shit, shit, shit. My car's gone!
Shit, shit, shit, shit. My car's gone!	So does Debbie.
So does Debbie.	Low mileage... Handles like a dream.
Low mileage... Handles like a dream.	Gee, guys, what should I do? The car or Debbie?
Gee, guys, what should I do? The car or Debbie?	I mean it. The car is yours. Dump Debbie.
I mean it. The car is yours. Dump Debbie.	The car for Debbie?
The car for Debbie?	I'll trade you my Porsche for Debbie. An even swap.
I'll trade you my Porsche for Debbie. An even swap.	I'm very happy for you two.
I'm very happy for you two.	I love that car.
I love that car.	The best.
The best.	Great car.
Great car.	See that down there? That's my most prized possession. My new Porsche.
See that down there? That's my most prized possession. My new Porsche.	Ooh, be still, my heart.
Ooh, be still, my heart.	I'm ready to make you another deal.
I'm ready to make you another deal.	Oh, come on, just a little.
Oh, come on, just a little.	I don't want any trouble.
I don't want any trouble.	Ah, Cole.  I don't remember ordering an asshole from room service.
Ah, Cole.  I don't remember ordering an asshole from room service.	Rick, I want to talk to you.
Rick, I want to talk to you.	Thank you. We'll all keep that in mind. 'Bye now.
Thank you. We'll all keep that in mind. 'Bye now.	He's gonna hurt you, Debbie. He'll never be true to you the way I would.
He's gonna hurt you, Debbie. He'll never be true to you the way I would.	Thanks, Dad.  Cole, go away.
Thanks, Dad.  Cole, go away.	What is this person's story here?
What is this person's story here?	Michelin tires... brand new. A set of Sears Best metric tools...
Michelin tires... brand new. A set of Sears Best metric tools...	I'm marrying Debbie.
I'm marrying Debbie.	Okay, ten thousand plus a G.E. toaster oven, a Litton microwave, a Cuisinart...
Okay, ten thousand plus a G.E. toaster oven, a Litton microwave, a Cuisinart...	Not interested.
Not interested.	Seventy-five hundred.
Seventy-five hundred.	No.
No.	Five thousand dollars.
Five thousand dollars.	What's Debbie's blue book value right now?
What's Debbie's blue book value right now?	You dump her and I'll give you cash.
You dump her and I'll give you cash.	Cole...
Cole...	I want Debbie.
I want Debbie.	Cole. Don't you know it's bad luck to see the groom before the wedding?
Cole. Don't you know it's bad luck to see the groom before the wedding?	Bond... James Bond.
Bond... James Bond.	And...
And...	Not so good. He wouldn't listen to reason. He stole my car... my Porsche... I can't find it anywhere...
Not so good. He wouldn't listen to reason. He stole my car... my Porsche... I can't find it anywhere...	Fine. How's everything going?
Fine. How's everything going?	Yes I did.
Yes I did.	Yes, son, did you find out where the bachelor party is?
Yes, son, did you find out where the bachelor party is?	Mr. Thomerson.
Mr. Thomerson.	Hello?
Hello?	Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.	All right, I'll go up there and take care of this myself.  You look awful, son. Go find yourself some clothes.
All right, I'll go up there and take care of this myself.  You look awful, son. Go find yourself some clothes.	1002.
1002.	Take hold of yourself. What room are they in?
Take hold of yourself. What room are they in?	The bachelor party's upstairs. They made me get naked. They hung me from the window so high up it was so scary I fell down...
The bachelor party's upstairs. They made me get naked. They hung me from the window so high up it was so scary I fell down...	Cole, my God, boy, what are you doing here? What happened?
Cole, my God, boy, what are you doing here? What happened?	Sorry, I can't hear you. Some pin head's yelling...  Shut up, I'm talking here.  Now look, I want you to go back and I don't care what you do. Stop that marriage.
Sorry, I can't hear you. Some pin head's yelling...  Shut up, I'm talking here.  Now look, I want you to go back and I don't care what you do. Stop that marriage.	Right.  Hey, shut up. Okay, sir.
Right.  Hey, shut up. Okay, sir.	Well, tell the asshole to shut up.
Well, tell the asshole to shut up.	Some fat slob in the next booth is making a lot of noise.
Some fat slob in the next booth is making a lot of noise.	What? I'm sorry, sir, I can't hear you.
What? I'm sorry, sir, I can't hear you.	So, he's playing hard ball. Well, two can play that game.  Go after him. Stop at nothing. You hear me?
So, he's playing hard ball. Well, two can play that game.  Go after him. Stop at nothing. You hear me?	Keep me informed.
Keep me informed.	Thanks for the advise, sir.
Thanks for the advise, sir.	If it were me, I'd reason with him first. Then, if that failed...  ...I'd take more persuasive action.
If it were me, I'd reason with him first. Then, if that failed...  ...I'd take more persuasive action.	But how can I do that?
But how can I do that?	It's not her mind you need to change. It's Disneyland head in there.
It's not her mind you need to change. It's Disneyland head in there.	I've tried to change her mind.
I've tried to change her mind.	Cole, I don't want you to give up on her.
Cole, I don't want you to give up on her.	Yes, sir, I am.
Yes, sir, I am.	I know you're as unhappy as I am about Debbie's marriage to Rick.
I know you're as unhappy as I am about Debbie's marriage to Rick.	Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir.	Nice shot.
Nice shot.	Sure have...
Sure have...	So, Cole, you been practicing your game?
So, Cole, you been practicing your game?	Not at all. We're just finishing lunch.
Not at all. We're just finishing lunch.	Hi, everybody. Am I late?
Hi, everybody. Am I late?	I understand, Deb. 'Bye... be happy.
I understand, Deb. 'Bye... be happy.	I'm going now, Cole.
I'm going now, Cole.	That's all right, Deb. Go be happy and smile a lot, Deb. Do it for me.
That's all right, Deb. Go be happy and smile a lot, Deb. Do it for me.	Cole, I'm sorry, I...
Cole, I'm sorry, I...	You know how that makes me feel, Deb? Wanta know how that makes me feel?  Angry, Deb.  Yesss, that's the word, angry. But if he makes you happy, you go right ahead. I want you to be happy, Deb.  No matter what, no matter how angry it makes me, no matter how much it hurts. Be happy, Deb. Be oh, so very, very happy.
You know how that makes me feel, Deb? Wanta know how that makes me feel?  Angry, Deb.  Yesss, that's the word, angry. But if he makes you happy, you go right ahead. I want you to be happy, Deb.  No matter what, no matter how angry it makes me, no matter how much it hurts. Be happy, Deb. Be oh, so very, very happy.	I'm not. I just thought I should tell you myself before you heard it somewhere else.
I'm not. I just thought I should tell you myself before you heard it somewhere else.	You're marrying him? Then why are you coming back to me?
You're marrying him? Then why are you coming back to me?	Cole, I'm marrying Rick.
Cole, I'm marrying Rick.	You know, when you dumped me for that wimp, I thought, Cole, she'll be back. God wants the two of you to be together, and sure enough...
You know, when you dumped me for that wimp, I thought, Cole, she'll be back. God wants the two of you to be together, and sure enough...	Cole, listen to me... I've got to tell you...
Cole, listen to me... I've got to tell you...	It's all right, I forgive you. I'm not the vengeful type. We'll forget what happened. Why don't we take a trip together? Maybe kill a few lions in Kenya over Christmas.
It's all right, I forgive you. I'm not the vengeful type. We'll forget what happened. Why don't we take a trip together? Maybe kill a few lions in Kenya over Christmas.	No, Cole, I...
No, Cole, I...	Finally realized Rick's a jerk, huh?
Finally realized Rick's a jerk, huh?	Cole, we've got to talk.
Cole, we've got to talk.	Over here, Deb... in the Smokehouse.
Over here, Deb... in the Smokehouse.	Cole?
Cole?	You're so romantic...
You're so romantic...	This has been quite a night. Here's a thought. Why don't we go home and give our private parts a workout?
This has been quite a night. Here's a thought. Why don't we go home and give our private parts a workout?	Yeah.
Yeah.	Are you okay?
Are you okay?	You're on.
You're on.	Let's get naked.
Let's get naked.	Great. Now, what do you want to do about it?
Great. Now, what do you want to do about it?	Yes...
Yes...	See? And these are not just ordinary party-goers -- there are professionals in this crowd -- I didn't want any of them. You... You're what I want. Understand?
See? And these are not just ordinary party-goers -- there are professionals in this crowd -- I didn't want any of them. You... You're what I want. Understand?	You don't believe me? Okay, fine.
You don't believe me? Okay, fine.	I don't believe you.
I don't believe you.	I am committed. I love you.
I am committed. I love you.	And I want to be with someone who understands the meaning of the word commitment.
And I want to be with someone who understands the meaning of the word commitment.	I don't want that. I want to be with you.
I don't want that. I want to be with you.	The marriage is off. Now you can screw around with your friends for the rest of your life.
The marriage is off. Now you can screw around with your friends for the rest of your life.	Debbie, I'm telling you, I didn't do anything, hardly.
Debbie, I'm telling you, I didn't do anything, hardly.	Let go of me!
Let go of me!	Rick, you're lying!
Rick, you're lying!	C'mon, I knew it was you.
C'mon, I knew it was you.	I can't trust you!
I can't trust you!	Why don't you get undressed.
Why don't you get undressed.	How wonderful. A seeing eye hooker.
How wonderful. A seeing eye hooker.	Don't turn on the lights, sugar.  I'll lead you around.
Don't turn on the lights, sugar.  I'll lead you around.	I love you.
I love you.	Anything you say, ma'am. Have a fun shower. Use soap.
Anything you say, ma'am. Have a fun shower. Use soap.	Have a good time. Don't make it too late.
Have a good time. Don't make it too late.	Well, if I go back on my word, I'll kill her.
Well, if I go back on my word, I'll kill her.	Your mother's not dead.
Your mother's not dead.	Okay, I promise... I swear on my mother's grave.
Okay, I promise... I swear on my mother's grave.	You're really pissing me off.
You're really pissing me off.	Did I promise that? I don't remember that...
Did I promise that? I don't remember that...	Remember, you promised... no screwing around.
Remember, you promised... no screwing around.	Sorry, we got men's business to do. It's no place for a lady.
Sorry, we got men's business to do. It's no place for a lady.	Can't I just go with you guys?
Can't I just go with you guys?	This is it, lady. Last stop.
This is it, lady. Last stop.	Gonna get married...
Gonna get married...	Wouldn't think of it. Because tomorrow...  We're going to the chapel and we're...
Wouldn't think of it. Because tomorrow...  We're going to the chapel and we're...	You better not have too much joy.
You better not have too much joy.	Well... twenty-four more hours to go and tonight we'll share with our friends and loved ones the joys of those last moments of singleness.
Well... twenty-four more hours to go and tonight we'll share with our friends and loved ones the joys of those last moments of singleness.	Now, I want you to lie down and drift off to slumberland.
Now, I want you to lie down and drift off to slumberland.	Um... that's very relaxing.
Um... that's very relaxing.	Good...
Good...	That feels so great.
That feels so great.	C'mere.
C'mere.	Before or After I have my nervous breakfown?
Before or After I have my nervous breakfown?	I think the only think you've left out are our relations with the Soviet Union. Sweetheart, everything's gonna be all right.
I think the only think you've left out are our relations with the Soviet Union. Sweetheart, everything's gonna be all right.	The wedding, my parents, your family, our friends, my job, the future, our relationship, the caterers, my gown, your tuxedo, our honeymoon, the apartment, my shower, your bachelor party...
The wedding, my parents, your family, our friends, my job, the future, our relationship, the caterers, my gown, your tuxedo, our honeymoon, the apartment, my shower, your bachelor party...	About what?
About what?	I don't know... I just feel scared.
I don't know... I just feel scared.	What's the matter?
What's the matter?	Stop fooling around... I need to talk.
Stop fooling around... I need to talk.	Oh... I got something for that.
Oh... I got something for that.	I can't sleep.
I can't sleep.	Huh? Wha...
Huh? Wha...	Because from what I've heard, it's a tradition and you're a traditional guy.
Because from what I've heard, it's a tradition and you're a traditional guy.	Oh, those. Why do you ask?
Oh, those. Why do you ask?	I'm not talking about does. I'm talking about hookers.
I'm not talking about does. I'm talking about hookers.	No, sweetheart, it's a stag party. Does stay home.
No, sweetheart, it's a stag party. Does stay home.	Are you going to have women at your party?
Are you going to have women at your party?	Yes, but looks are deceiving...  Not in this case, however.
Yes, but looks are deceiving...  Not in this case, however.	It looks awful.
It looks awful.	Of course. I'm a traditional guy... It's a traditional event.  Well, what do you think?
Of course. I'm a traditional guy... It's a traditional event.  Well, what do you think?	You're going to have a bachelor party?
You're going to have a bachelor party?	Not as much fun as the bachelor party the guys are throwing for me.
Not as much fun as the bachelor party the guys are throwing for me.	Want to hear something great? Bobbie and Phoebe are throwing me a shower. It's really gonna be fun.
Want to hear something great? Bobbie and Phoebe are throwing me a shower. It's really gonna be fun.	Don't worry... it's supposed to do this.
Don't worry... it's supposed to do this.	I think your dinner's burning.
I think your dinner's burning.	It's either meatloaf, Swiss steak or charred flesh. I won't know till it's finished.
It's either meatloaf, Swiss steak or charred flesh. I won't know till it's finished.	What are we having?
What are we having?	But a fabulous cook.
But a fabulous cook.	God, you're a slob.
God, you're a slob.	I know what I'm doing... Go!
I know what I'm doing... Go!	Ilene, are you crazy?
Ilene, are you crazy?	Look, girls -- I'll stay behind and hold them off. The rest of you break for it!
Look, girls -- I'll stay behind and hold them off. The rest of you break for it!	Let's go.
Let's go.	Debbie, men are pigs -- if they can have women, we can have men.
Debbie, men are pigs -- if they can have women, we can have men.	That doesn't mean it was Rick's party.
That doesn't mean it was Rick's party.	Look, you heard what those hookers said. They were supposed to go to a bachelor party.
Look, you heard what those hookers said. They were supposed to go to a bachelor party.	Are you sure this is a good idea?
Are you sure this is a good idea?	Debbie, don't be naive. Men are pigs.
Debbie, don't be naive. Men are pigs.	Ilene, Rick promised...
Ilene, Rick promised...	Of course you do. I trusted my ex, Mel, too. Cousin, I can only talk from experience. What do you think they do at these parties, have tea and play scrabble?
Of course you do. I trusted my ex, Mel, too. Cousin, I can only talk from experience. What do you think they do at these parties, have tea and play scrabble?	Ilene, why would I want to do that? I trust Rick.
Ilene, why would I want to do that? I trust Rick.	If I were you, I'd worry less about the shower and more about Rick's bachelor party.
If I were you, I'd worry less about the shower and more about Rick's bachelor party.	I hope those guys are all right.
I hope those guys are all right.	I hope Ilene's all right.
I hope Ilene's all right.	Quiet, Mother.
Quiet, Mother.	What kind of job? I'm a housewife.
What kind of job? I'm a housewife.	Ilene, we don't really know that.
Ilene, we don't really know that.	A strange wang right in my palm.
A strange wang right in my palm.	You know your father enjoys his company.
You know your father enjoys his company.	Why is Cole here?
Why is Cole here?	Great, Mom.
Great, Mom.	I'm using the same caterer for the shower I had for our Christmas party last year.
I'm using the same caterer for the shower I had for our Christmas party last year.	Any time, Al.
Any time, Al.	Thanks for helping us out, Ed. We appreciate it.
Thanks for helping us out, Ed. We appreciate it.	I think I screwed that one once.
I think I screwed that one once.	Great bathing suit.
Great bathing suit.	Well... hope she'll be very happy.
Well... hope she'll be very happy.	A real turd.
A real turd.	Congratulations on your daughter's wedding. Who's she marrying?
Congratulations on your daughter's wedding. Who's she marrying?	My pleasure, Al... Always happy to help out in a pinch...  Excuse me. I better call my service... tell them where I am.
My pleasure, Al... Always happy to help out in a pinch...  Excuse me. I better call my service... tell them where I am.	Ed, we're so glad you could come over at the last minute and judge our little beauty pageant.
Ed, we're so glad you could come over at the last minute and judge our little beauty pageant.	That's more like it.
That's more like it.	Give him the works.
Give him the works.	Hey. I'm sorry. You want girls. I'll give you girls.
Hey. I'm sorry. You want girls. I'll give you girls.	This is bad public relations. I was planning to do a lot of business with you. But now I'm going to have to go elsewhere.
This is bad public relations. I was planning to do a lot of business with you. But now I'm going to have to go elsewhere.	Because I'm pissed off. Now give me your cash.
Because I'm pissed off. Now give me your cash.	Why?
Why?	I've had it, numb nuts... How much money you got?
I've had it, numb nuts... How much money you got?	What are you...
What are you...	That's it, prick lips.
That's it, prick lips.	Screw you!
Screw you!	They left an hour ago, pink nuts.
They left an hour ago, pink nuts.	Your whores never showed up.
Your whores never showed up.	What are you talking about, asshole?
What are you talking about, asshole?	Jumbo, where the hell are the women?
Jumbo, where the hell are the women?	Okay. Nice to meet you both.
Okay. Nice to meet you both.	They'll be up there in a half hour.
They'll be up there in a half hour.	Park View Hotel, Room 1002.
Park View Hotel, Room 1002.	Let's see your bread.
Let's see your bread.	So we want your best girls, the cream of your crop.
So we want your best girls, the cream of your crop.	This is cause for celebration. She'll probably charge half price for sex from now on.
This is cause for celebration. She'll probably charge half price for sex from now on.	Rick, I really think I'm in love.
Rick, I really think I'm in love.	Gary, how we doing, big stallion?
Gary, how we doing, big stallion?	I didn't know you were into that.
I didn't know you were into that.	Yes.
Yes.	Hookers beat you up?
Hookers beat you up?	Screw that.
Screw that.	Looks like the only one who got screwed here was you.
Looks like the only one who got screwed here was you.	I'm going to see what the hell happened.
I'm going to see what the hell happened.	Guy paints a beautiful picture.
Guy paints a beautiful picture.	This place should have been wall to wall tits by now.
This place should have been wall to wall tits by now.	It's true.
It's true.	What's going on?
What's going on?	Give the guy air. Everyone to a neutral corner.
Give the guy air. Everyone to a neutral corner.	Let's have a toast.
Let's have a toast.	Sounds swell... I'm really touched. And my getting married's not gonna change a thing between me and my pals. We're still gonna go bowling on Tuesdays, play cards on Fridays and wear women's clothes on Sunday night. I love you guys... I always will.
Sounds swell... I'm really touched. And my getting married's not gonna change a thing between me and my pals. We're still gonna go bowling on Tuesdays, play cards on Fridays and wear women's clothes on Sunday night. I love you guys... I always will.	Because I love her. What can I tell you?
Because I love her. What can I tell you?	Wait a minute. You been living with Debbie! Why do you want to get married?
Wait a minute. You been living with Debbie! Why do you want to get married?	All right, gentlemen, I'm not gonna sugar-coat this thing. I've known you guys since grade school, so I'm gonna give it to you straight from the hip... right from the shoulder... without beating around the bush... Nothing fancy, just the plain, hard facts... tell it like it is.
All right, gentlemen, I'm not gonna sugar-coat this thing. I've known you guys since grade school, so I'm gonna give it to you straight from the hip... right from the shoulder... without beating around the bush... Nothing fancy, just the plain, hard facts... tell it like it is.	Okay... We're all here. Rick, what's the big announcement?
Okay... We're all here. Rick, what's the big announcement?	Isn't he incredible, gets along with everybody.
Isn't he incredible, gets along with everybody.	Let's go.
Let's go.	Screw you...
Screw you...	Gary, you're quite an animal.
Gary, you're quite an animal.	Screw you... Screw that... Don't jerk me around. You promised me 1500 seats for the Police Concert... 1500, not fifteen!... Screw that... Screw you -- Screw Sting.  Hi, guys.
Screw you... Screw that... Don't jerk me around. You promised me 1500 seats for the Police Concert... 1500, not fifteen!... Screw that... Screw you -- Screw Sting.  Hi, guys.	Milt?
Milt?	Not one minute longer or Milt will come for you.
Not one minute longer or Milt will come for you.	Sold. 45 minutes. No problem.
Sold. 45 minutes. No problem.	You are being in luck. Customers in same hotel. I let you have them at cut-rate price for 45 minutes.
You are being in luck. Customers in same hotel. I let you have them at cut-rate price for 45 minutes.	I need them for a bachelor party at the Park View Hotel.
I need them for a bachelor party at the Park View Hotel.	Big problem now. Soon they go to customers.
Big problem now. Soon they go to customers.	I'll take some.
I'll take some.	That I got. Very good women. They sit on your face, anything you want.
That I got. Very good women. They sit on your face, anything you want.	I want women.
I want women.	I'm telling you I am, Joe.
I'm telling you I am, Joe.	You're a pimp?
You're a pimp?	What can I be doing for you?
What can I be doing for you?	Good.
Good.	That's it.
That's it.	Is that all the coke in the place?
Is that all the coke in the place?	I don't want to talk about it. I love you guys. I love my friends.
I don't want to talk about it. I love you guys. I love my friends.	Larry, you and your wife got problems?
Larry, you and your wife got problems?	I hate her. I hate her guts, the bitch.
I hate her. I hate her guts, the bitch.	Just in love with everybody. It's really a beautiful planet. I love you, Rick. I love you guys. I love everybody.
Just in love with everybody. It's really a beautiful planet. I love you, Rick. I love you guys. I love everybody.	So, Larry, how have you been?
So, Larry, how have you been?	It's really not all your fault. I was talking to Mike earlier and he had a lot of problems. Personal things, you know. Made some bad investments. At least now he's peaceful...
It's really not all your fault. I was talking to Mike earlier and he had a lot of problems. Personal things, you know. Made some bad investments. At least now he's peaceful...	It's my fault. He's dead because... I left those drugs...
It's my fault. He's dead because... I left those drugs...	It's Bullwinkle.
It's Bullwinkle.	Hi, guys. We brought back a friend.
Hi, guys. We brought back a friend.	No, have fun first. Then laugh. Now, forget about marriage for a while. Go party.
No, have fun first. Then laugh. Now, forget about marriage for a while. Go party.	Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.	Well, this is terrific. Now you're gonna have wrists that are smooth and kissable. Just go out there. Forget about everything and laugh it up.
Well, this is terrific. Now you're gonna have wrists that are smooth and kissable. Just go out there. Forget about everything and laugh it up.	I couldn't find any razor blades.
I couldn't find any razor blades.	You're trying to kill yourself with an electric razor?
You're trying to kill yourself with an electric razor?	I'm trying to slash my wrists.
I'm trying to slash my wrists.	What the hell are you doing?
What the hell are you doing?	Yeah. I see you're right. C'mon, let's party.
Yeah. I see you're right. C'mon, let's party.	Really?
Really?	Yeah, I guess so.
Yeah, I guess so.	You okay?
You okay?	No, she hates me... I want to end everything here... now.
No, she hates me... I want to end everything here... now.	Lar... sometimes when people are mad they say things they don't mean.
Lar... sometimes when people are mad they say things they don't mean.	All right. Now, there's milk and cookies in the refrigerator. Go to bed right after "Falcon Crest."
All right. Now, there's milk and cookies in the refrigerator. Go to bed right after "Falcon Crest."	I just want to be alone.
I just want to be alone.	C'mon, Larry. Be good for you.
C'mon, Larry. Be good for you.	Guys, I think I'd rather stay here.
Guys, I think I'd rather stay here.	What do you mean, it changes?
What do you mean, it changes?	She hates me. It's over. You'll see, as soon as you get married, everything changes. You sure you want to go through with it, man?
She hates me. It's over. You'll see, as soon as you get married, everything changes. You sure you want to go through with it, man?	Maybe your marriage should lay off grains for a while.
Maybe your marriage should lay off grains for a while.	My marriage is the worst. All crap. A big pile of shit.
My marriage is the worst. All crap. A big pile of shit.	Right.
Right.	Naw, two on a Quaalude... bad luck.
Naw, two on a Quaalude... bad luck.	You want to share it?
You want to share it?	Your attention, please. May I be the first to say, It's a raid!
Your attention, please. May I be the first to say, It's a raid!	You're all under arrest. Open up!
You're all under arrest. Open up!	I see what you mean... You're a beautiful guy. And you're doing a damn good job.
I see what you mean... You're a beautiful guy. And you're doing a damn good job.	Keep your voices down. This is a respectable establishment. We don't go for any funny business here. Just then a GUY with a Moosehead Beer hat and TWO GUYS in a moose costume pass him and enter the elevator with the boys.
Keep your voices down. This is a respectable establishment. We don't go for any funny business here. Just then a GUY with a Moosehead Beer hat and TWO GUYS in a moose costume pass him and enter the elevator with the boys.	What do you know, they moved it. Catch you later.
What do you know, they moved it. Catch you later.	It's on the tenth floor.
It's on the tenth floor.	Yes, you. We're looking for our room... 1002.
Yes, you. We're looking for our room... 1002.	This is the Park View Hotel. I'm the Hotel Manager. Are you looking for someone?
This is the Park View Hotel. I'm the Hotel Manager. Are you looking for someone?	Are any of those right?
Are any of those right?	Of course, sir. That explains it. Leather is a very good source of vitamin E.
Of course, sir. That explains it. Leather is a very good source of vitamin E.	Ebbie. Ger... umph... lable...
Ebbie. Ger... umph... lable...	No sob story is going to change my mind.
No sob story is going to change my mind.	The end.
The end.	Oh, no!
Oh, no!	Rick!
Rick!	Welcome, welcome, one and all.
Welcome, welcome, one and all.	First, you're a slob. You have to dress for success. Second, your outlook on life...
First, you're a slob. You have to dress for success. Second, your outlook on life...	Feel free.
Feel free.	Let me finish. Debbie's an adult. She can do what she wants. But if you want your marriage to last, you're going to have to change some things about yourself. If I may make some suggestions...
Let me finish. Debbie's an adult. She can do what she wants. But if you want your marriage to last, you're going to have to change some things about yourself. If I may make some suggestions...	Mr. Thomerson, I...
Mr. Thomerson, I...	Good. I think you're an asshole. No, let me correct that, an immature asshole. Which is fine, except you're marrying my daughter and I'm afraid my grandchildren are going to be little assholes.
Good. I think you're an asshole. No, let me correct that, an immature asshole. Which is fine, except you're marrying my daughter and I'm afraid my grandchildren are going to be little assholes.	I'd love that.
I'd love that.	Rick, I want to cut through the b.s.
Rick, I want to cut through the b.s.	Well, I have to admit my game's a little rusty, but I love polo. It's unrelenting, a constant challenge to the senses. Really a beautiful experience.
Well, I have to admit my game's a little rusty, but I love polo. It's unrelenting, a constant challenge to the senses. Really a beautiful experience.	Can't I just maim it a little?
Can't I just maim it a little?	Rick, hit the ball easier, son. You don't have to kill it.
Rick, hit the ball easier, son. You don't have to kill it.	All right, who serves?
All right, who serves?	Oops!
Oops!	It's all right...  So have I.
It's all right...  So have I.	No, Brett, I...
No, Brett, I...	You've been having strange sex...!
You've been having strange sex...!	The phone made me do it!
The phone made me do it!	Ed... you're kinky!
Ed... you're kinky!	You can tell a man by his friends.
You can tell a man by his friends.	The thought of that person marrying my daughter makes me want to upchuck.
The thought of that person marrying my daughter makes me want to upchuck.	In a second...  And you're irresponsible. Show some initiative, try to better yourself, stop showing off, actions speak louder than words.
In a second...  And you're irresponsible. Show some initiative, try to better yourself, stop showing off, actions speak louder than words.	Girls, why don't we go inside for lunch.  Boys, would you mind bringing in that lemonade?
Girls, why don't we go inside for lunch.  Boys, would you mind bringing in that lemonade?	No. Let's at least finish the set.
No. Let's at least finish the set.	Er... perhaps we ought to stop now.
Er... perhaps we ought to stop now.	Of course.
Of course.	I'm getting one heck of a glare off your dress there. Could you undo a few buttons?
I'm getting one heck of a glare off your dress there. Could you undo a few buttons?	Then there is a God. Why don't we take that baby picture.
Then there is a God. Why don't we take that baby picture.	I'm separated.
I'm separated.	Mrs.?
Mrs.?	Klupner.  Mrs. Klupner.
Klupner.  Mrs. Klupner.	How are we doing? My name is O'Neill. And you are...?
How are we doing? My name is O'Neill. And you are...?	You got it.
You got it.	I don't know... Go up to her, make like you don't know her and send her into the other bedroom.
I don't know... Go up to her, make like you don't know her and send her into the other bedroom.	What's with her costume?
What's with her costume?	My Debbie?
My Debbie?	Debbie.
Debbie.	Who?
Who?	Guess who's here? Another surprise guest.
Guess who's here? Another surprise guest.	I'm saved. Let's party!
I'm saved. Let's party!	Reach out and snort someone.
Reach out and snort someone.	I'll stop him... You stall him.
I'll stop him... You stall him.	What can I do? I'm dead. Debbie's going to go crazy and end the whole thing.
What can I do? I'm dead. Debbie's going to go crazy and end the whole thing.	What are you going to do about it?
What are you going to do about it?	And here's Mike's partner, in more ways than one. A gal who doesn't think happiness ends with primates. The very lovely, Miss Desiree...
And here's Mike's partner, in more ways than one. A gal who doesn't think happiness ends with primates. The very lovely, Miss Desiree...	How about this, a Trojan donkey.
How about this, a Trojan donkey.	Who's your friend?
Who's your friend?	Hey, you guys...
Hey, you guys...	Take care.
Take care.	Now, don't get into any trouble.
Now, don't get into any trouble.	C'mon. Get the hookers in a circle. We better put Cochise out of business.
C'mon. Get the hookers in a circle. We better put Cochise out of business.	Very.
Very.	He look familiar?
He look familiar?	Still drawing a blank.
Still drawing a blank.	How 'bout this?
How 'bout this?	Got me.
Got me.	What's this?
What's this?	I don't know.
I don't know.	Who was that?
Who was that?	I'm proud of you, lad.
I'm proud of you, lad.	Put it to you this way -- you're gonna have to pry her out of the bed with a spatula, mister.
Put it to you this way -- you're gonna have to pry her out of the bed with a spatula, mister.	How'd it go?
How'd it go?	That's the old Rick!
That's the old Rick!	If I'm not out in a half hour, send for the paramedics.
If I'm not out in a half hour, send for the paramedics.	Right in there, pal.
Right in there, pal.	Oooooo.
Oooooo.	I got something you can't resist. I have a friend, Tracey. She wants to meet you. She loves to please.
I got something you can't resist. I have a friend, Tracey. She wants to meet you. She loves to please.	Get a few drinks into me, we'll dance and see what happens.
Get a few drinks into me, we'll dance and see what happens.	This is your bachelor party. You haven't had sex with anyone yet.
This is your bachelor party. You haven't had sex with anyone yet.	About what?
About what?	Rick, I'm concerned.
Rick, I'm concerned.	I don't know. Maybe it's because I love Debbie or maybe it's hard for me to get off in a place that smells like egg salad. I'm not sure.
I don't know. Maybe it's because I love Debbie or maybe it's hard for me to get off in a place that smells like egg salad. I'm not sure.	I don't get it. Why didn't you go for it just now?
I don't get it. Why didn't you go for it just now?	So long, Father.
So long, Father.	I think you'll enjoy this table.
I think you'll enjoy this table.	The best table in the house.
The best table in the house.	Under the table!
Under the table!	My gift to you.
My gift to you.	What the hell is that?
What the hell is that?	C'mon. I insist.
C'mon. I insist.	I'm not really hungry.
I'm not really hungry.	Hey, I'm starved... Let's go get something to eat. We'll bring back food for everybody.
Hey, I'm starved... Let's go get something to eat. We'll bring back food for everybody.	Don't you love it when old friends stop by?
Don't you love it when old friends stop by?	This isn't right.
This isn't right.	Excuse me, but this is as arousing as a stroll through the Vatican.
Excuse me, but this is as arousing as a stroll through the Vatican.	Then it's on to the real thing.
Then it's on to the real thing.	Olivier's in that, right?
Olivier's in that, right?	We'll spend an hour with "Nymphos Without Pants"...
We'll spend an hour with "Nymphos Without Pants"...	Nothing... Let's get crazy!
Nothing... Let's get crazy!	What's the matter?
What's the matter?	Knowing Larry, he probably missed the flight.
Knowing Larry, he probably missed the flight.	Where the hell is he?
Where the hell is he?	She probably had sex scheduled for 12:30. O'Neill, let's pick up the guys for a drink... I have major news to announce.
She probably had sex scheduled for 12:30. O'Neill, let's pick up the guys for a drink... I have major news to announce.	Where'd she go?
Where'd she go?	Great.  I was wondering, how do you guys go to the bathroom in that thing?
Great.  I was wondering, how do you guys go to the bathroom in that thing?	Oh... it's... er... the guys from the beer convention. We're bringing them to the party.
Oh... it's... er... the guys from the beer convention. We're bringing them to the party.	Thanks, Stan, you've been a lot of help.
Thanks, Stan, you've been a lot of help.	Well, the first month it's great. The second month things calm down a little. By the third month you're looking through your old girlfriends' phone numbers; by the fourth month you're numb; by the fifth month, hopefully the football season starts.
Well, the first month it's great. The second month things calm down a little. By the third month you're looking through your old girlfriends' phone numbers; by the fourth month you're numb; by the fifth month, hopefully the football season starts.	Nah, not yet. Look, you're my older brother. I need some advice here. What's the deal with marriage? What can I expect?
Nah, not yet. Look, you're my older brother. I need some advice here. What's the deal with marriage? What can I expect?	Thanks a lot, that was the best. You're next.
Thanks a lot, that was the best. You're next.	Right. Give me the will to live. Let me go first.
Right. Give me the will to live. Let me go first.	Nah, that's okay. My brother has to look up old people's asses all day long. Let's give him a break.
Nah, that's okay. My brother has to look up old people's asses all day long. Let's give him a break.	Okay, Rick, all finished. I can't wait for that bachelor party... I need the action.
Okay, Rick, all finished. I can't wait for that bachelor party... I need the action.	That's an even trade... a cotton ball for all my blood.
That's an even trade... a cotton ball for all my blood.	Stan, you're depressing me... Hey, I didn't know you were going to fill 'er up. Just take a couple of gallons, okay?
Stan, you're depressing me... Hey, I didn't know you were going to fill 'er up. Just take a couple of gallons, okay?	You won't miss a thing about being single... The wild parties, the different girls every night, running around like a maniac... God, I miss that.
You won't miss a thing about being single... The wild parties, the different girls every night, running around like a maniac... God, I miss that.	True, you're a lot handsomer now. Don't you have enough blood already?
True, you're a lot handsomer now. Don't you have enough blood already?	Rick, marriage will be good for you. It's done wonders for me.
Rick, marriage will be good for you. It's done wonders for me.	You always were sneaky, Stan, very sneaky.
You always were sneaky, Stan, very sneaky.	Right... Think it over.
Right... Think it over.	Get going, Rick... you're late enough as it is.
Get going, Rick... you're late enough as it is.	Sister, do you ever get lonely after vespers? If you do, why don't you give me a call. I'm in the book.
Sister, do you ever get lonely after vespers? If you do, why don't you give me a call. I'm in the book.	You're absolutely right. I should never have stopped to save that drowning infant. I'm just weak, Sister; I'm so weak.
You're absolutely right. I should never have stopped to save that drowning infant. I'm just weak, Sister; I'm so weak.	There can be no excuse for tardiness.
There can be no excuse for tardiness.	I know, Sister, but I have a very good excuse.
I know, Sister, but I have a very good excuse.	You're late again, Rick.
You're late again, Rick.	Yeah. Who'd have thought they'd both be a size 138 regular.
Yeah. Who'd have thought they'd both be a size 138 regular.	Can you believe how perfect it fits?
Can you believe how perfect it fits?	I'd love to get you in an operating room. Just once.
I'd love to get you in an operating room. Just once.	Maybe I did... I don't remember.
Maybe I did... I don't remember.	What? I thought you told me you had it all figured out.
What? I thought you told me you had it all figured out.	I don't know.
I don't know.	How the hell are we supposed to get this donkey inside?
How the hell are we supposed to get this donkey inside?	Not at all, sir.  I have a pair of good pistols that have already done execution, and are ready to do it again.
Not at all, sir.  I have a pair of good pistols that have already done execution, and are ready to do it again.	Is your mother not afraid on account of the highwayman to let one so young as you travel?
Is your mother not afraid on account of the highwayman to let one so young as you travel?	That is none of your business.
That is none of your business.	Where are you bound for?
Where are you bound for?	Good morning.
Good morning.	Good day to you, young sir.
Good day to you, young sir.	Don't bully, Mr. Best.  Here are the pistols.  God bless you, my boy; and when I count three, fire.
Don't bully, Mr. Best.  Here are the pistols.  God bless you, my boy; and when I count three, fire.	Ten, sir, and make them short ones, do you hear, Captain Grogan?
Ten, sir, and make them short ones, do you hear, Captain Grogan?	There's nothing else for it.  Take your ground, Grogan -- twelve paces, I suppose?
There's nothing else for it.  Take your ground, Grogan -- twelve paces, I suppose?	You know the use of arms very well, Best, and no one can doubt your courage; but Michael and I will see you home for all that.
You know the use of arms very well, Best, and no one can doubt your courage; but Michael and I will see you home for all that.	I'm not afraid of highwaymen.  My man is armed, and so am I.
I'm not afraid of highwaymen.  My man is armed, and so am I.	Both of us ride home with Best here.
Both of us ride home with Best here.	If you're insulted, and not satisfied, remember there's two of us, Best.
If you're insulted, and not satisfied, remember there's two of us, Best.	And, I'll tell you what, Mr. Dugan, I've been insulted grossly in this house.  I ain't at all satisfied with these here ways of going on. I'm an Englishman, I am, and a man of property; and I -- I --
And, I'll tell you what, Mr. Dugan, I've been insulted grossly in this house.  I ain't at all satisfied with these here ways of going on. I'm an Englishman, I am, and a man of property; and I -- I --	I never was more in earnest.
I never was more in earnest.	Pooh!  Pooh!  Best, you are joking.
Pooh!  Pooh!  Best, you are joking.	It's not the English way, for ladies to have two lovers, and, so, Mr. Dugan, I'll thank you to pay me the sum you owe me, and I resign all claims to this young lady.  If she has a fancy for school-boys, let her take 'em, sir.
It's not the English way, for ladies to have two lovers, and, so, Mr. Dugan, I'll thank you to pay me the sum you owe me, and I resign all claims to this young lady.  If she has a fancy for school-boys, let her take 'em, sir.	Well, well!  What is it?  We'll make you used to our ways, or adopt English ones.
Well, well!  What is it?  We'll make you used to our ways, or adopt English ones.	I'll tell you what it is, Mr. Dugan. I have had enough of Miss Dugan here and your Irish ways.  I ain't used to 'em, sir.
I'll tell you what it is, Mr. Dugan. I have had enough of Miss Dugan here and your Irish ways.  I ain't used to 'em, sir.	Hoity-toity!  John Best, what's the matter here?
Hoity-toity!  John Best, what's the matter here?	Oh!  That will be sent after him.  I have a fancy to look into that red box which contains his papers, you say; and at noon, after parade, shall be at the inn.  You will not say a word to any one there regarding the affair, and will wait for me at the Chevalier's rooms until my arrival.  We must force that box.  You are a clumsy hound, or you would have got the key long ago.
Oh!  That will be sent after him.  I have a fancy to look into that red box which contains his papers, you say; and at noon, after parade, shall be at the inn.  You will not say a word to any one there regarding the affair, and will wait for me at the Chevalier's rooms until my arrival.  We must force that box.  You are a clumsy hound, or you would have got the key long ago.	And his baggage?
And his baggage?	You say he drives after breakfast and before dinner.  When he comes out to his carriage a couple of gendarmes will mount the box, and the coachman will get his orders to move on.
You say he drives after breakfast and before dinner.  When he comes out to his carriage a couple of gendarmes will mount the box, and the coachman will get his orders to move on.	Not yet, but I believe he intends to.
Not yet, but I believe he intends to.	Has he sent the challenge yet?
Has he sent the challenge yet?	I am not sure.  The Prince told him quite clearly that if he wished to have the money, he would have to fight for it.
I am not sure.  The Prince told him quite clearly that if he wished to have the money, he would have to fight for it.	What are the Chevalier's intentions?
What are the Chevalier's intentions?	I had thought you more expert.  You must find out if the Chevalier cheats.  He sees the English and Austrian envoys continually, and the young men of either ministry sup repeatedly at his house.  Find out what they talk of, for how much each plays, especially if any of them play on parole.  If you are able to, read his private letters, though about those which go to the post, you need not trouble yourself -- we look at them there.  But never see him write a note without finding out to whom it goes, and by what channel or messenger.  He sleeps with the keys of his dispatch-box with a string around his neck -- twenty frederics, if you get an impression of the keys.
I had thought you more expert.  You must find out if the Chevalier cheats.  He sees the English and Austrian envoys continually, and the young men of either ministry sup repeatedly at his house.  Find out what they talk of, for how much each plays, especially if any of them play on parole.  If you are able to, read his private letters, though about those which go to the post, you need not trouble yourself -- we look at them there.  But never see him write a note without finding out to whom it goes, and by what channel or messenger.  He sleeps with the keys of his dispatch-box with a string around his neck -- twenty frederics, if you get an impression of the keys.	Only a very little, as soldiers do.
Only a very little, as soldiers do.	You are a Hungarian; you served in the army, and left on account of weakness in the loins.  He gambles a great deal, and wins.  Do you know the cards well?
You are a Hungarian; you served in the army, and left on account of weakness in the loins.  He gambles a great deal, and wins.  Do you know the cards well?	There is lately come to Berlin a gentleman in the service of the Empress Queen, who calls himself the Chevalier de Belle Fast, and wears the red riband and star of the pope's order of the Spur.  He is made for good society, polished, obliging, a libertine, without prejudices, fond of women, of good food, of high play, prudent and discreet.
There is lately come to Berlin a gentleman in the service of the Empress Queen, who calls himself the Chevalier de Belle Fast, and wears the red riband and star of the pope's order of the Spur.  He is made for good society, polished, obliging, a libertine, without prejudices, fond of women, of good food, of high play, prudent and discreet.	What is the service, sir?
What is the service, sir?	Your loyalty to me and your service to the regiment has pleased me very well -- and now there is another occasion on which you may make yourself useful to us; if you succeed, depend on it, your reward will be your discharge from the army, and a bounty of 100 guineas.
Your loyalty to me and your service to the regiment has pleased me very well -- and now there is another occasion on which you may make yourself useful to us; if you succeed, depend on it, your reward will be your discharge from the army, and a bounty of 100 guineas.	The captain was the nephew and heir of the Minister of Police, Herr Galgenstein, a relationship which, no doubt, aided in the younger gentlemen's promotion.
The captain was the nephew and heir of the Minister of Police, Herr Galgenstein, a relationship which, no doubt, aided in the younger gentlemen's promotion.	How do you do, sir?
How do you do, sir?	Good morning, Private James.  Please come in.  I should like you to meet my uncle, Herr Minister of Police Galgenstein.
Good morning, Private James.  Please come in.  I should like you to meet my uncle, Herr Minister of Police Galgenstein.	Neither!
Neither!	It's a lie!  You're a deserter! You're an impostor, sir; Your lies and folly have confirmed this to me. You pretend to carry dispatches to a general who has been dead these ten months; you have an uncle who is an ambassador and whose name you don't know.  Will you join and take the bounty, sir, or will you be given up?
It's a lie!  You're a deserter! You're an impostor, sir; Your lies and folly have confirmed this to me. You pretend to carry dispatches to a general who has been dead these ten months; you have an uncle who is an ambassador and whose name you don't know.  Will you join and take the bounty, sir, or will you be given up?	Sir, I'm a British officer.
Sir, I'm a British officer.	I have acted as I think fit.
I have acted as I think fit.	Upon my word, sir, I think you have acted very coolly.
Upon my word, sir, I think you have acted very coolly.	It was my joke.  I was tired, and did not care to go farther.  There's not prettier woman here than that. If she won't suit your fancy, my friend, then you must wait awhile.
It was my joke.  I was tired, and did not care to go farther.  There's not prettier woman here than that. If she won't suit your fancy, my friend, then you must wait awhile.	Where's the beauty you promised me?
Where's the beauty you promised me?	The people are great farmers, as well as inn-keepers.
The people are great farmers, as well as inn-keepers.	The place seems more a farm than an inn-yard.
The place seems more a farm than an inn-yard.	Ah!  You sly rogue, I see that will influence you.
Ah!  You sly rogue, I see that will influence you.	Do you want to see the loveliest woman in Europe?
Do you want to see the loveliest woman in Europe?	This may be a very good inn for Germany, but it would not pass in old Ireland.  Corbach is only a league off, let us push on for Corbach.
This may be a very good inn for Germany, but it would not pass in old Ireland.  Corbach is only a league off, let us push on for Corbach.	This is a very good inn.  Shall we stop for dinner?
This is a very good inn.  Shall we stop for dinner?	Oh, yes, of course, Ambassador O'Grady...
Oh, yes, of course, Ambassador O'Grady...	O'Grady.
O'Grady.	What is your uncle's name?
What is your uncle's name?	My companion treated me with great civility, and asked me a thousand questions about England, which I answered as best I might.  But this best, I am bound to say, was bad enough.  I knew nothing about England, and I invented a thousand stories which I told him; described the king and the ministers to him, said the British ambassador in Berlin was my uncle, and promised my acquaintance a letter of recommendation to him.
My companion treated me with great civility, and asked me a thousand questions about England, which I answered as best I might.  But this best, I am bound to say, was bad enough.  I knew nothing about England, and I invented a thousand stories which I told him; described the king and the ministers to him, said the British ambassador in Berlin was my uncle, and promised my acquaintance a letter of recommendation to him.	He has paid off your uncle's mortgage.  He gave Dorothy a coach- and-six.  That coward of a fellow has been making of your uncle's family.  Faith, the business was well done.  Your cousins, Michael and Harry, never let him out of their sight, though he was for deserting to England, until the marriage was completed, and the happy couple off on their road to Dublin.  Are you in want of cash, my boy?  You may draw upon me, for I got a couple of hundred out of Master Best for my share and, while they last, you shall never want.
He has paid off your uncle's mortgage.  He gave Dorothy a coach- and-six.  That coward of a fellow has been making of your uncle's family.  Faith, the business was well done.  Your cousins, Michael and Harry, never let him out of their sight, though he was for deserting to England, until the marriage was completed, and the happy couple off on their road to Dublin.  Are you in want of cash, my boy?  You may draw upon me, for I got a couple of hundred out of Master Best for my share and, while they last, you shall never want.	The coward!
The coward!	No, the very same one, my boy.  He recovered from his wound.  The ball you hit him with was not likely to hurt him.  It was only made of tow. Do you think the Dugans would let you kill fifteen hundred a-year out of the family?  The plan of the duel was all arranged in order to get you out of the way, for the cowardly Englishman could never be brought to marry from fear of you.  But hit him you certainly did, Roderick, and with a fine thick plugget of tow, and the fellow was so frightened that he was an hour in coming to. We told your mother the story afterwards, and a pretty scene she made.
No, the very same one, my boy.  He recovered from his wound.  The ball you hit him with was not likely to hurt him.  It was only made of tow. Do you think the Dugans would let you kill fifteen hundred a-year out of the family?  The plan of the duel was all arranged in order to get you out of the way, for the cowardly Englishman could never be brought to marry from fear of you.  But hit him you certainly did, Roderick, and with a fine thick plugget of tow, and the fellow was so frightened that he was an hour in coming to. We told your mother the story afterwards, and a pretty scene she made.	Mrs. John Best!  Was there another Mr. John Best?!
Mrs. John Best!  Was there another Mr. John Best?!	She took on so at your going away that she was obliged to console herself with a husband.  She is now Mrs. John Best.
She took on so at your going away that she was obliged to console herself with a husband.  She is now Mrs. John Best.	Good heavens!  Whatever?  Has she died of grief?
Good heavens!  Whatever?  Has she died of grief?	There's only six Miss Dugans now... poor Dorothy.
There's only six Miss Dugans now... poor Dorothy.	Is Miss Dugan well?
Is Miss Dugan well?	I see you are thinking of a certain young lady at Duganstown.
I see you are thinking of a certain young lady at Duganstown.	We must write to her today, and you can tell her that you are safe and married to "Brown Bess."
We must write to her today, and you can tell her that you are safe and married to "Brown Bess."	I suppose she addressed them to me in my real name, by which I never thought to ask for them at the post office.
I suppose she addressed them to me in my real name, by which I never thought to ask for them at the post office.	I had news of you in Dublin.  Faith, you've begun early, like your father's son, but I think you could not do better than as you have done. But why did you not write home to your poor mother?  She has sent half-a-dozen letters to you in Dublin.
I had news of you in Dublin.  Faith, you've begun early, like your father's son, but I think you could not do better than as you have done. But why did you not write home to your poor mother?  She has sent half-a-dozen letters to you in Dublin.	Grogan gave me a wink of recognition, but offered no public token of acquaintance and it was not until two days afterwards that he called me into his quarters, and then, shaking hands with me cordially, gave me news which I wanted, of my family.
Grogan gave me a wink of recognition, but offered no public token of acquaintance and it was not until two days afterwards that he called me into his quarters, and then, shaking hands with me cordially, gave me news which I wanted, of my family.	A man of honor dies, but never apologizes.  I'll see the captain hanged before I apologize.
A man of honor dies, but never apologizes.  I'll see the captain hanged before I apologize.	Look here, Roderick, my boy; this is silly business.  The girl will marry Best, mark my words; and as sure as she does, you'll forget her.  You are but a boy.  Best is willing to consider you as such.  Dublin's a fine place, and if you have a mind to take a ride thither and see the town for a month, here are twenty guineas at your service.  Make Best an apology, and be off.
Look here, Roderick, my boy; this is silly business.  The girl will marry Best, mark my words; and as sure as she does, you'll forget her.  You are but a boy.  Best is willing to consider you as such.  Dublin's a fine place, and if you have a mind to take a ride thither and see the town for a month, here are twenty guineas at your service.  Make Best an apology, and be off.	It must have been some other gate.
It must have been some other gate.	Not against Castle Dugan gate, that has been off the hinges these ten years.
Not against Castle Dugan gate, that has been off the hinges these ten years.	But swords are today impossible; Captain Best is -- is lame.  He knocked his knee against the swinging park gate last night, as he was riding home, and can scarce move it now.
But swords are today impossible; Captain Best is -- is lame.  He knocked his knee against the swinging park gate last night, as he was riding home, and can scarce move it now.	I'll match any man with the sword.
I'll match any man with the sword.	Oh, it's with pistols we fight.  You are no match for Best with the sword.
Oh, it's with pistols we fight.  You are no match for Best with the sword.	I hope to spoil this sport, and trust to see this sword of mine in that big bully's body.
I hope to spoil this sport, and trust to see this sword of mine in that big bully's body.	I am Harry James' son, and will act as becomes my name and quality.
I am Harry James' son, and will act as becomes my name and quality.	And now you risk the same fate.  If you are killed, your mother is all alone in the world.
And now you risk the same fate.  If you are killed, your mother is all alone in the world.	It was with this sword that my late father, Harry James, God rest his soul, met Sir Huddelstone Fuddelstone, the Hampshire baronet, and was fatally run through the neck.  He was quite in the wrong, having insulted Lady Fuddelstone, when in liquor, at the Brentford Assembly.  But, like a gentleman, he scorned to apologize.
It was with this sword that my late father, Harry James, God rest his soul, met Sir Huddelstone Fuddelstone, the Hampshire baronet, and was fatally run through the neck.  He was quite in the wrong, having insulted Lady Fuddelstone, when in liquor, at the Brentford Assembly.  But, like a gentleman, he scorned to apologize.	That's a very handsome sword you have there.
That's a very handsome sword you have there.	Your cousins go out with him.
Your cousins go out with him.	My mare is saddled and ready; who's the captain's second?
My mare is saddled and ready; who's the captain's second?	The meeting is arranged.  Captain Best is waiting for you now.
The meeting is arranged.  Captain Best is waiting for you now.	Have you taken my message to him?
Have you taken my message to him?	In faith, I believe you are not; for a lad I never saw more game in my life.  Give me a kiss, my dear boy. You're after my own soul.  As long as Jack Grogan lives, you shall never want a friend or a second.
In faith, I believe you are not; for a lad I never saw more game in my life.  Give me a kiss, my dear boy. You're after my own soul.  As long as Jack Grogan lives, you shall never want a friend or a second.	He'll give the better mark.  I am not afraid of him.
He'll give the better mark.  I am not afraid of him.	Well, if it must be, it must.  For a young fellow, you are the most bloodthirsty I ever saw.  No officer, bearing His Majesty's commission, can receive a glass of wine on his nose, without resenting it -- fight you must, and Best is a huge, strong fellow.
Well, if it must be, it must.  For a young fellow, you are the most bloodthirsty I ever saw.  No officer, bearing His Majesty's commission, can receive a glass of wine on his nose, without resenting it -- fight you must, and Best is a huge, strong fellow.	Mark this, come what will of it, I swear I will fight the man who pretends to the hand of Dorothy Dugan.  I'll follow him if it's into the church, and meet him there. I'll have his blood, or he shall have mine.  Will you take my message to him, and arrange the meeting?
Mark this, come what will of it, I swear I will fight the man who pretends to the hand of Dorothy Dugan.  I'll follow him if it's into the church, and meet him there. I'll have his blood, or he shall have mine.  Will you take my message to him, and arrange the meeting?	And this is the return you make for his kindness!  Didn't he harbor you in his house when your father died, and hasn't he given you and your mother, rent-free, your fine house of Jamesville yonder?
And this is the return you make for his kindness!  Didn't he harbor you in his house when your father died, and hasn't he given you and your mother, rent-free, your fine house of Jamesville yonder?	And so I am.
And so I am.	A pretty day's work of it you have made, Master Roderick.  Knowing your uncle to be distressed for money, and try and break off a match which will bring fifteen hundred a-year into the family?  Best has promised to pay off the four thousand pounds which is bothering your uncle so. He takes a girl without a penny -- a girl that has been flinging herself at the head of every man in these parts these ten years past, and missing them all, and a boy who ought to be attached to your uncle as to your father.
A pretty day's work of it you have made, Master Roderick.  Knowing your uncle to be distressed for money, and try and break off a match which will bring fifteen hundred a-year into the family?  Best has promised to pay off the four thousand pounds which is bothering your uncle so. He takes a girl without a penny -- a girl that has been flinging herself at the head of every man in these parts these ten years past, and missing them all, and a boy who ought to be attached to your uncle as to your father.	Faith, I think you are a lad that's likely to keep your word.
Faith, I think you are a lad that's likely to keep your word.	Dorothy might love me or not, as she likes, but Best will have to fight me before he marries her!
Dorothy might love me or not, as she likes, but Best will have to fight me before he marries her!	The man that marries Dorothy Dugan must first kill me -- do you mind that?
The man that marries Dorothy Dugan must first kill me -- do you mind that?	This is a pretty way to recommend yourself to the family.
This is a pretty way to recommend yourself to the family.	Tut, tut!  I can play at fencing as well as you, Mr. Roderick James. Ah!  You change color, do you?  Your secret is known, is it?  You come like a viper into the bosom of innocent families; you represent yourself as the heir to my friends the O'Higgins of Castle O'Higgins; I introduce you to the nobility and gentry of this methropolis; I take you to my tradesmen, who give you credit.  I accept your note for near two hundred pounds, and what do I find?  A fraud.
Tut, tut!  I can play at fencing as well as you, Mr. Roderick James. Ah!  You change color, do you?  Your secret is known, is it?  You come like a viper into the bosom of innocent families; you represent yourself as the heir to my friends the O'Higgins of Castle O'Higgins; I introduce you to the nobility and gentry of this methropolis; I take you to my tradesmen, who give you credit.  I accept your note for near two hundred pounds, and what do I find?  A fraud.	Repeat the words again, and I run you through the body.
Repeat the words again, and I run you through the body.	You're an impostor, young man, a schemer, a deceiver!
You're an impostor, young man, a schemer, a deceiver!	Sirrah!  Sirrah, I am as good a gentleman as any in Ireland!
Sirrah!  Sirrah, I am as good a gentleman as any in Ireland!	Whom have I been harboring in my house?  Who are you, sirrah?
Whom have I been harboring in my house?  Who are you, sirrah?	I have heard of them.
I have heard of them.	Ah -- I see.  No, I'm afraid mine are the O'Higgins of Watertown.
Ah -- I see.  No, I'm afraid mine are the O'Higgins of Watertown.	Oh, I am thinking of the O'Higgins of Redmondstown.  General O'Higgins was a close friend of my wife's dear father, Colonel Granby Somerset.
Oh, I am thinking of the O'Higgins of Redmondstown.  General O'Higgins was a close friend of my wife's dear father, Colonel Granby Somerset.	Which O'Higgins do you know?  For I have never heard your name mentioned in my family.
Which O'Higgins do you know?  For I have never heard your name mentioned in my family.	Mr. O'Higgins, we are in your debt, and rest assured, sir, you have friends in this house whenever you are in Dublin.  Mister O'Higgins, I wonder if I know your good father?
Mr. O'Higgins, we are in your debt, and rest assured, sir, you have friends in this house whenever you are in Dublin.  Mister O'Higgins, I wonder if I know your good father?	I am only sorry that I was unable to prevent the villain from carrying off all her ladyship's money and pearls.
I am only sorry that I was unable to prevent the villain from carrying off all her ladyship's money and pearls.	Mr. O'Higgins, I cannot say how grateful I am for your timely assistance to my wife.
Mr. O'Higgins, I cannot say how grateful I am for your timely assistance to my wife.	I have said all there is to be said. I am at your disposal for whatever purposes you wish.  Good night.
I have said all there is to be said. I am at your disposal for whatever purposes you wish.  Good night.	Your Grace, if I am so tame as to take this, then I must give up an honorable and lucrative occupation.
Your Grace, if I am so tame as to take this, then I must give up an honorable and lucrative occupation.	Chevalier, if you will have your money now, you must fight for it. If you will be patient, maybe I will pay you something another time.
Chevalier, if you will have your money now, you must fight for it. If you will be patient, maybe I will pay you something another time.	Your Grace owes me seventy thousand frederics, which I have honorably won.
Your Grace owes me seventy thousand frederics, which I have honorably won.	I don't know.
I don't know.	I deny your Grace's accusations, and beg you to say how you have been cheated?
I deny your Grace's accusations, and beg you to say how you have been cheated?	Chevalier, though I cannot say how, I believe you have cheated me.
Chevalier, though I cannot say how, I believe you have cheated me.	The gentleman has nothing contraband.
The gentleman has nothing contraband.	I have no luggage.
I have no luggage.	As you please.
As you please.	All Europe shall hear of this!
All Europe shall hear of this!	Your honor must lower his voice.
Your honor must lower his voice.	Ten thousand?  But the scoundrel owes me seventy thousand.
Ten thousand?  But the scoundrel owes me seventy thousand.	I have orders to gag your honor if you cry out, and to give you this purse containing ten thousand frederics if you do not.
I have orders to gag your honor if you cry out, and to give you this purse containing ten thousand frederics if you do not.	It is shameful -- infamous!  I insist upon being put down at the Austrian ambassador's house.
It is shameful -- infamous!  I insist upon being put down at the Austrian ambassador's house.	You are going to drive to the frontier.
You are going to drive to the frontier.	Good gracious!  What is this?
Good gracious!  What is this?	I will let down the steps for your honor.
I will let down the steps for your honor.	Where is my rascal, Lazlo?
Where is my rascal, Lazlo?	Perfectly certain, because I shall make him tremble.
Perfectly certain, because I shall make him tremble.	Certain?
Certain?	I risk nothing, for I am certain to kill him.
I risk nothing, for I am certain to kill him.	To risk one's life against such people is an imposition.
To risk one's life against such people is an imposition.	It is distasteful to kill a scoundrel -- that should be work for a hangman.
It is distasteful to kill a scoundrel -- that should be work for a hangman.	Sir, we have but eighty thousand florins in bank, or two hundred thousand at three months; if your highness' bags do not contain more than eight thousand, we will meet you.
Sir, we have but eighty thousand florins in bank, or two hundred thousand at three months; if your highness' bags do not contain more than eight thousand, we will meet you.	When the Duke of Courland brought fourteen lackeys each with bags of florins, and challenged our bank to play against the sealed bags, what did we ask?
When the Duke of Courland brought fourteen lackeys each with bags of florins, and challenged our bank to play against the sealed bags, what did we ask?	Then ordering fresh horses, the Chevalier set off on his journey for that capital.  I need not tell you that I was the Chevalier.
Then ordering fresh horses, the Chevalier set off on his journey for that capital.  I need not tell you that I was the Chevalier.	Gentlemen, I wish you a good day. Will you please go to the house from whence we set out this morning, and tell my man there to send my baggage on to Three Kings at Dresden?
Gentlemen, I wish you a good day. Will you please go to the house from whence we set out this morning, and tell my man there to send my baggage on to Three Kings at Dresden?	But how, sir?
But how, sir?	Make your mind easy, you shall not be left behind, I warrant you.  Do take a last look at your barracks, make your mind easy, say a farewell to your friends in Berlin.  The dear souls, how they will weep when they hear you are out of the country, and, out of it, you shall go.
Make your mind easy, you shall not be left behind, I warrant you.  Do take a last look at your barracks, make your mind easy, say a farewell to your friends in Berlin.  The dear souls, how they will weep when they hear you are out of the country, and, out of it, you shall go.	But, if they send you away, then what is to become of me?
But, if they send you away, then what is to become of me?	I have faced that problem before.
I have faced that problem before.	I believe they will deport you.
I believe they will deport you.	Have no fear.  It will come out well for me.
Have no fear.  It will come out well for me.	But they will prevent a meeting at whatever the cost.
But they will prevent a meeting at whatever the cost.	We will practice in the mornings, my boy, and I'll put you up to a thing or two worth knowing.
We will practice in the mornings, my boy, and I'll put you up to a thing or two worth knowing.	I can play as soldiers do, but have no great skill.
I can play as soldiers do, but have no great skill.	The cards are now my only livelihood.  Sometimes I am in luck, and then I lay out my money in these trinkets you see.  It's property, look you, and the only way I have found of keeping a little about me. When the luck goes against me, why, my dear, my diamonds go to the pawnbrokers and I wear paste.  Do you understand the cards?
The cards are now my only livelihood.  Sometimes I am in luck, and then I lay out my money in these trinkets you see.  It's property, look you, and the only way I have found of keeping a little about me. When the luck goes against me, why, my dear, my diamonds go to the pawnbrokers and I wear paste.  Do you understand the cards?	I'd give five years of my life to see the old country again, the greenfields, and the river, and the old round tower, and the burying place.
I'd give five years of my life to see the old country again, the greenfields, and the river, and the old round tower, and the burying place.	And I think he was as much affected as I was at thus finding one of his kindred; for he, too, was an exile from home, and a friendly voice, a look, brought the old country back to his memory again, and the old days of his boyhood.
And I think he was as much affected as I was at thus finding one of his kindred; for he, too, was an exile from home, and a friendly voice, a look, brought the old country back to his memory again, and the old days of his boyhood.	Only the agency of servants.
Only the agency of servants.	Who else can give me information about you?
Who else can give me information about you?	No one, sir.  Before that I served in the army but had to leave due to weakness of the loins.
No one, sir.  Before that I served in the army but had to leave due to weakness of the loins.	For whom else have you worked?
For whom else have you worked?	Herr Seebach was a very kind employer.
Herr Seebach was a very kind employer.	You come highly recommended by Herr Seebach.
You come highly recommended by Herr Seebach.	Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.	Your name is Lazlo Zilagyi?
Your name is Lazlo Zilagyi?	Yes, sir.  Here is my letter.
Yes, sir.  Here is my letter.	You are the young man who M. de Seebach recommended?
You are the young man who M. de Seebach recommended?	Take to your legs, low Irish dog.
Take to your legs, low Irish dog.	That is a trifle strong.
That is a trifle strong.	Very well; but a man who yields takes to his legs.
Very well; but a man who yields takes to his legs.	On the instant.  Everyone must yield to such a nobleman as you.
On the instant.  Everyone must yield to such a nobleman as you.	Then you yield to me.
Then you yield to me.	Very well!  Now that I know it, I will no longer love her.
Very well!  Now that I know it, I will no longer love her.	Perfectly so; and what is more, I will tell you that I love her, and that I am not of a humor to put up with rivals.
Perfectly so; and what is more, I will tell you that I love her, and that I am not of a humor to put up with rivals.	Certainly, monseigneur, does not Your Excellency consider her worthy of love?
Certainly, monseigneur, does not Your Excellency consider her worthy of love?	I entered here, monsieur, at a bad moment for you; it seems that you love this lady.
I entered here, monsieur, at a bad moment for you; it seems that you love this lady.	Old fool!
Old fool!	Lady Cosgrove, you are an old fool.
Lady Cosgrove, you are an old fool.	Roderick, you know well enough that I have never loved but you!  Was I ever so wretched that a kind word from you did not make me happy? Ever so angry, but the least offer of good-will on your part did not bring me to your side?  Did I not give a sufficient proof of my affection for you in bestowing one of the finest fortunes of England upon you?  Have I repined or rebuked you for the way you have wasted it? No, I loved you too much and too fondly; I have always loved you. From the first moment I saw you, I saw your bad qualities, and trembled at your violence; but I could not help loving you.  I married you, though I knew I was sealing my own fate in doing so, and in spite of reason and duty.  What sacrifice do you want from me?  I am ready to make any, so you will but love me, or, if not, that at least, you will gently us me.
Roderick, you know well enough that I have never loved but you!  Was I ever so wretched that a kind word from you did not make me happy? Ever so angry, but the least offer of good-will on your part did not bring me to your side?  Did I not give a sufficient proof of my affection for you in bestowing one of the finest fortunes of England upon you?  Have I repined or rebuked you for the way you have wasted it? No, I loved you too much and too fondly; I have always loved you. From the first moment I saw you, I saw your bad qualities, and trembled at your violence; but I could not help loving you.  I married you, though I knew I was sealing my own fate in doing so, and in spite of reason and duty.  What sacrifice do you want from me?  I am ready to make any, so you will but love me, or, if not, that at least, you will gently us me.	My Lady Cosgrove's relationship with me was a singular one.  Her life was passed in a series of crack-brained sort of alternation between love and hatred for me.  We would quarrel for a fortnight, then we should be friends for a month together sometimes.  One day, I was joking her, and asking her whether she would take the water again, whether she had found another lover, and so forth.  She suddenly burst out into tears, and, after a while, said to me:
My Lady Cosgrove's relationship with me was a singular one.  Her life was passed in a series of crack-brained sort of alternation between love and hatred for me.  We would quarrel for a fortnight, then we should be friends for a month together sometimes.  One day, I was joking her, and asking her whether she would take the water again, whether she had found another lover, and so forth.  She suddenly burst out into tears, and, after a while, said to me:	We then spent an hour in the most eloquent silence except that, from time to time, her ladyship cried out:  "Oh, my God.  Is it true -- I am not dreaming?"
We then spent an hour in the most eloquent silence except that, from time to time, her ladyship cried out:  "Oh, my God.  Is it true -- I am not dreaming?"	As soon as I saw you loved me, I was pleased, and I gave you every opportunity to fall more in love with me, being certain that, for my part, I would never love you.  But after our first kiss, I found that I had no power over myself.  I did not know that one kiss could matter so much.
As soon as I saw you loved me, I was pleased, and I gave you every opportunity to fall more in love with me, being certain that, for my part, I would never love you.  But after our first kiss, I found that I had no power over myself.  I did not know that one kiss could matter so much.	Let me give a thousand kisses to that heavenly mouth which has told me that I am happy.
Let me give a thousand kisses to that heavenly mouth which has told me that I am happy.	Without you, my dearest, I might have died without ever knowing love. Inexpressible love!  God of nature! Bitterness than which nothing is sweeter, sweetness than which nothing is more bitter.  Divine monster which can only be defined by paradoxes.
Without you, my dearest, I might have died without ever knowing love. Inexpressible love!  God of nature! Bitterness than which nothing is sweeter, sweetness than which nothing is more bitter.  Divine monster which can only be defined by paradoxes.	O, my dearest love.  Enough!  I beg you.  Stop believing in your experience.  You have never known love.  My very soul is leaving me! Catch it on your lips, and give me yours!
O, my dearest love.  Enough!  I beg you.  Stop believing in your experience.  You have never known love.  My very soul is leaving me! Catch it on your lips, and give me yours!	Shall I tell you something -- I believed what was called love came after the union -- and I was surprised when my husband, making me a woman, made me know it only by pain, unaccompanied by any pleasure. I saw that my imaginings had stood me in better stead.  And so we became only friends, seldom sleeping together and arousing no curiosity in each other, yet on good terms for a while, as whenever he wanted me, I was at his service, but since the offering was not seasoned with love, he found it tasteless, and seldom demanded it.
Shall I tell you something -- I believed what was called love came after the union -- and I was surprised when my husband, making me a woman, made me know it only by pain, unaccompanied by any pleasure. I saw that my imaginings had stood me in better stead.  And so we became only friends, seldom sleeping together and arousing no curiosity in each other, yet on good terms for a while, as whenever he wanted me, I was at his service, but since the offering was not seasoned with love, he found it tasteless, and seldom demanded it.	Sir William Cosgrove is a man who is dying, and yet I envy him more than any man in Christendom.  He enjoys a privilege of which I am deprived. He may take you in his arms whenever he pleases, and no veil keeps his senses, his eyes, his soul from enjoying your beauty.
Sir William Cosgrove is a man who is dying, and yet I envy him more than any man in Christendom.  He enjoys a privilege of which I am deprived. He may take you in his arms whenever he pleases, and no veil keeps his senses, his eyes, his soul from enjoying your beauty.	My husband has convinced me of the contrary.
My husband has convinced me of the contrary.	Let us give each other complete happiness, and let us be sure that as many times as we satisfy our desires, they will each time be born anew.
Let us give each other complete happiness, and let us be sure that as many times as we satisfy our desires, they will each time be born anew.	Our abstinence makes our love immortal.  If I loved you a quarter of an hour ago, now I should love you even more.  But I should love you less if you exhausted my joy by satisfying all my desires.
Our abstinence makes our love immortal.  If I loved you a quarter of an hour ago, now I should love you even more.  But I should love you less if you exhausted my joy by satisfying all my desires.	I know better than you do.  Love wants a more substantial fare, and if it is stubbornly withheld, it withers away.
I know better than you do.  Love wants a more substantial fare, and if it is stubbornly withheld, it withers away.	Always, my dear one, never any further.  Love is a child to be pacified with trifles.  A full diet can only kill it.
Always, my dear one, never any further.  Love is a child to be pacified with trifles.  A full diet can only kill it.	Will we always leave it at this?
Will we always leave it at this?	I ask only a payment on account today -- after that, you will find me undemanding, obedient and discreet.
I ask only a payment on account today -- after that, you will find me undemanding, obedient and discreet.	Poor man.  And, for that reason, you want to begin where people end?
Poor man.  And, for that reason, you want to begin where people end?	Yes -- but I am afraid of being deceived.
Yes -- but I am afraid of being deceived.	You will do as you please.  It seems to me that such a matter can hardly be discussed until after people know each other.  Do you not agree?
You will do as you please.  It seems to me that such a matter can hardly be discussed until after people know each other.  Do you not agree?	Then I will respectfully take leave of her.
Then I will respectfully take leave of her.	And if she does not choose to show you some kindness?
And if she does not choose to show you some kindness?	With a woman who is completely charming, be she a princess or a woman of the lowest condition, and who, regardless of her rank, will show me some kindness, tonight.
With a woman who is completely charming, be she a princess or a woman of the lowest condition, and who, regardless of her rank, will show me some kindness, tonight.	Be so good as to tell me with whom you think you are?
Be so good as to tell me with whom you think you are?	But you deceive me nonetheless if I believe you, for it will not be in your power to love me when you love me no longer.
But you deceive me nonetheless if I believe you, for it will not be in your power to love me when you love me no longer.	Deceiving someone without knowing it is something new for me.  If I do not know it, I am innocent.
Deceiving someone without knowing it is something new for me.  If I do not know it, I am innocent.	The amusing thing is that you deceive me without knowing, if it is true that you love me.
The amusing thing is that you deceive me without knowing, if it is true that you love me.	To love you until death.  To subscribe to all your commands.
To love you until death.  To subscribe to all your commands.	To make me wretched in two weeks.
To make me wretched in two weeks.	It is my only object.
It is my only object.	You want my heart?
You want my heart?	By loving you, with no hope of possessing you.
By loving you, with no hope of possessing you.	How so?
How so?	I believe you, and I see I must hasten to leave, for otherwise I shall become the unhappiest of men.
I believe you, and I see I must hasten to leave, for otherwise I shall become the unhappiest of men.	A man may need to do that, and find it amusing; but a girl is bound by other laws.
A man may need to do that, and find it amusing; but a girl is bound by other laws.	I agree; but God put us on earth to take that risk.
I agree; but God put us on earth to take that risk.	It is only too possible.  Love requires a mutual harmony which is difficult, and it is even more difficult to make it last.
It is only too possible.  Love requires a mutual harmony which is difficult, and it is even more difficult to make it last.	That is true, but it seems to me impossible that you should be unhappy in love.
That is true, but it seems to me impossible that you should be unhappy in love.	But if, when I love, I am unhappy, I will know that my empty heart was my good fortune.
But if, when I love, I am unhappy, I will know that my empty heart was my good fortune.	It is nonetheless a misfortune, and you will know it when you love.
It is nonetheless a misfortune, and you will know it when you love.	Your word "empty" makes me laugh. Is it fortunate, or unfortunate?  If it is fortunate, I congratulate myself.  If it is unfortunate, I do not care, for I am not aware of it.
Your word "empty" makes me laugh. Is it fortunate, or unfortunate?  If it is fortunate, I congratulate myself.  If it is unfortunate, I do not care, for I am not aware of it.	Then you have never loved?  Your heart is empty.
Then you have never loved?  Your heart is empty.	Many worthy of attention; but valuing is something more.  I could value only someone whom I loved.
Many worthy of attention; but valuing is something more.  I could value only someone whom I loved.	What!  You have not met a man worthy of your attention?
What!  You have not met a man worthy of your attention?	That man has, perhaps, not yet been born.
That man has, perhaps, not yet been born.	Have you not a man whom you value?
Have you not a man whom you value?	Not one.
Not one.	How can I believe that there is not a man who has inspired desires in you?
How can I believe that there is not a man who has inspired desires in you?	Not even that.
Not even that.	But, for a time... a passing fancy?
But, for a time... a passing fancy?	Never.
Never.	Have you had one?
Have you had one?	No.
No.	Indeed, Miss Dorothy, I intend to have his blood as sure as my name's Roderick.
Indeed, Miss Dorothy, I intend to have his blood as sure as my name's Roderick.	Monster!  Your father was a tailor, and you are always thinking of the shop.  But I'll have my revenge, I will!  Roddy, will you see me insulted?
Monster!  Your father was a tailor, and you are always thinking of the shop.  But I'll have my revenge, I will!  Roddy, will you see me insulted?	Jump twenty feet!  You wouldn't dare to do any such thing on Daisy. There's the captain's horse, Black George, I've heard say that Captain Bes --
Jump twenty feet!  You wouldn't dare to do any such thing on Daisy. There's the captain's horse, Black George, I've heard say that Captain Bes --	Well, then, I'll tell you what I'd do.  I'd jump Daisy into the river, and swim you both across, where no enemy could follow us.
Well, then, I'll tell you what I'd do.  I'd jump Daisy into the river, and swim you both across, where no enemy could follow us.	What, with me on the pillion?  Would you kill poor me?
What, with me on the pillion?  Would you kill poor me?	I'd draw my sword, and cut my way through them.
I'd draw my sword, and cut my way through them.	Suppose, now, Roderick, you, who are such a hero, was passing over the bridge and the enemy on the other side.
Suppose, now, Roderick, you, who are such a hero, was passing over the bridge and the enemy on the other side.	But Captain Best is already known as a valiant soldier, and is famous as a man of fashion in London.  It is mighty well of you to fight farmers' boys, but to fight an Englishman is a very different matter.
But Captain Best is already known as a valiant soldier, and is famous as a man of fashion in London.  It is mighty well of you to fight farmers' boys, but to fight an Englishman is a very different matter.	If ever I meet him again, you shall see which is the best man of the two.  I'll fight him with sword or with pistol, captain as he is.
If ever I meet him again, you shall see which is the best man of the two.  I'll fight him with sword or with pistol, captain as he is.	Oh!  I can dance with you any day, and to dance with your own cousin at a ball as if you could find no other partner.  Besides, Roderick, Captain Best's a man, and you are only a boy, and you haven't a guinea in the world.
Oh!  I can dance with you any day, and to dance with your own cousin at a ball as if you could find no other partner.  Besides, Roderick, Captain Best's a man, and you are only a boy, and you haven't a guinea in the world.	But you refused me, Dorothy.
But you refused me, Dorothy.	I don't care a fig for Captain Best; he dances prettily to be sure, and is a pleasant rattle of a man.  He looks well in his regimentals, too; and if he chose to ask me to dance, how could I refuse him?
I don't care a fig for Captain Best; he dances prettily to be sure, and is a pleasant rattle of a man.  He looks well in his regimentals, too; and if he chose to ask me to dance, how could I refuse him?	Were you obliged to dance five times with Captain Best, and then stroll out with him into the garden?
Were you obliged to dance five times with Captain Best, and then stroll out with him into the garden?	I had not been in the room five minutes before I was engaged for every single set.
I had not been in the room five minutes before I was engaged for every single set.	I hate Miss Clancy, you know I do! And I only danced with her because -- because -- the person with whom I intended to dance chose to be engaged the whole night.
I hate Miss Clancy, you know I do! And I only danced with her because -- because -- the person with whom I intended to dance chose to be engaged the whole night.	With pleasure at finding the ribbon.
With pleasure at finding the ribbon.	Why are you shaking?
Why are you shaking?	Then you must get it.
Then you must get it.	I feel the ribbon.
I feel the ribbon.	Do you see the gate at the end of the field?  The first to touch it will be the winner.
Do you see the gate at the end of the field?  The first to touch it will be the winner.	Agreed.
Agreed.	I accept, but I insist on a wager. The loser must do whatever the winner pleases.
I accept, but I insist on a wager. The loser must do whatever the winner pleases.	All right, five hundred guineas.
All right, five hundred guineas.	Last month, the Duke of Suffolk spent no more.
Last month, the Duke of Suffolk spent no more.	It is entirely up to you.  I want the best.
It is entirely up to you.  I want the best.	All the same, you must name an amount.
All the same, you must name an amount.	Yes, for I wish to entertain splendidly.
Yes, for I wish to entertain splendidly.	As much as possible?
As much as possible?	As much as possible.
As much as possible.	I am at your service, Mr. Cosgrove. How much do you wish to spend?
I am at your service, Mr. Cosgrove. How much do you wish to spend?	Well, Mr. Cosgrove, I'll answer you point by point.  The King is exceedingly averse to make peers, as you know.  Your claim, as you call them, have been laid before him, and His Majesty's gracious reply was, that you were the most impudent man in his dominions, and merited a halter, rather than a coronet.  As for withdrawing your support from us, you are perfectly welcome to carry yourself whithersoever you please.  And, now, as I have a great deal of occupation, perhaps you will do me the favor to retire, or tell me if there is anything else in the world in which I can oblige you.
Well, Mr. Cosgrove, I'll answer you point by point.  The King is exceedingly averse to make peers, as you know.  Your claim, as you call them, have been laid before him, and His Majesty's gracious reply was, that you were the most impudent man in his dominions, and merited a halter, rather than a coronet.  As for withdrawing your support from us, you are perfectly welcome to carry yourself whithersoever you please.  And, now, as I have a great deal of occupation, perhaps you will do me the favor to retire, or tell me if there is anything else in the world in which I can oblige you.	Yes!
Yes!	Have you done, Mr. Cosgrove?
Have you done, Mr. Cosgrove?	Well, sir, this nobleman is one of the gentlemen of His Majesty's closet, and one with whom our revered monarch is on terms of considerable intimacy.  I should say you would be wise to fix upon this nobleman your chief reliance for the advancement of your claim to the Viscounty which you propose to get.
Well, sir, this nobleman is one of the gentlemen of His Majesty's closet, and one with whom our revered monarch is on terms of considerable intimacy.  I should say you would be wise to fix upon this nobleman your chief reliance for the advancement of your claim to the Viscounty which you propose to get.	By name only.
By name only.	Do you happen to know Gustavus Adolphus, the thirteenth Earl of Crabs?
Do you happen to know Gustavus Adolphus, the thirteenth Earl of Crabs?	And, to be sure, I did know someone who knew precisely how these things were done, and this was the distinguished solicitor and former Government Minister, Lord West, whose acquaintance I made, as I had so many others, at the gaming table.
And, to be sure, I did know someone who knew precisely how these things were done, and this was the distinguished solicitor and former Government Minister, Lord West, whose acquaintance I made, as I had so many others, at the gaming table.	What is to be done?
What is to be done?	Then this must be done tomorrow.
Then this must be done tomorrow.	When is he to go?
When is he to go?	The King has determined to send the Chevalier out of the country.
The King has determined to send the Chevalier out of the country.	The Prince left him only that choice.
The Prince left him only that choice.	A meeting with the Prince of Turbingen is impossible.
A meeting with the Prince of Turbingen is impossible.	Hmm-mmmm.
Hmm-mmmm.	In so far as I can tell these things -- no.  I believe the Chevalier won the money fairly.
In so far as I can tell these things -- no.  I believe the Chevalier won the money fairly.	Was he cheated?
Was he cheated?	Yes, Minister, I am interested in any work in which I can be of service to Captain Galgenstein.
Yes, Minister, I am interested in any work in which I can be of service to Captain Galgenstein.	Does this assignment interest you?
Does this assignment interest you?	You must be very cautious with regard to the company you should meet in Dublin, where rogues and adventurers of all countries abound. I hope you will do me the honor of accepting lodgings in my own house, where Captain O'Reilly will welcome with delight, my gallant young preserver.
You must be very cautious with regard to the company you should meet in Dublin, where rogues and adventurers of all countries abound. I hope you will do me the honor of accepting lodgings in my own house, where Captain O'Reilly will welcome with delight, my gallant young preserver.	How different was her lively rattle to the vulgar wenches at Kilwangan assemblies.  In every sentence, she mentioned a lord or a person of quality.  To the lady's question about my birth and parentage, I replied that I was a young gentleman of large fortune, that I was going to Dublin for my studies, and that my mother allowed me five hundred per annum.
How different was her lively rattle to the vulgar wenches at Kilwangan assemblies.  In every sentence, she mentioned a lord or a person of quality.  To the lady's question about my birth and parentage, I replied that I was a young gentleman of large fortune, that I was going to Dublin for my studies, and that my mother allowed me five hundred per annum.	That's very kind of you, Mr. O'Higgins.
That's very kind of you, Mr. O'Higgins.	As you have been robbed of your purse, may I have permission to lend your ladyship a couple of pieces to pay any expenses which you might incur before reaching your home?
As you have been robbed of your purse, may I have permission to lend your ladyship a couple of pieces to pay any expenses which you might incur before reaching your home?	O'Higgins... Mohawk O'Higgins.
O'Higgins... Mohawk O'Higgins.	But I shouldn't like to put you to such trouble, Mister...?
But I shouldn't like to put you to such trouble, Mister...?	I am riding to Dublin myself, and if your ladyship will allow me the honor of riding with you, I shall do my best to protect you from further mishap.
I am riding to Dublin myself, and if your ladyship will allow me the honor of riding with you, I shall do my best to protect you from further mishap.	That fool didn't know what was the meaning of a hundred-pound bill, which was in the pocket-book that the fellow took from me.
That fool didn't know what was the meaning of a hundred-pound bill, which was in the pocket-book that the fellow took from me.	Everything -- my purse, containing upwards of a hundred guineas, my jewels, my snuff-boxes, watches. And all because this blundering coward fell to his knees...
Everything -- my purse, containing upwards of a hundred guineas, my jewels, my snuff-boxes, watches. And all because this blundering coward fell to his knees...	Be off to your work, you pack of rascals, or you will have a good taste of my thong.  Have you lost much?
Be off to your work, you pack of rascals, or you will have a good taste of my thong.  Have you lost much?	Oh, I am grateful to you, sir.  I am the wife of Captain O'Reilly hastening to join him at Dublin.  My chair was stopped by a highwayman; this great oaf of a servant-man fell down on his knees, armed as he was, and though there were thirty people in the next field, working, when the ruffian attacked, not one of them would help but, on the contrary, wished him "good luck."
Oh, I am grateful to you, sir.  I am the wife of Captain O'Reilly hastening to join him at Dublin.  My chair was stopped by a highwayman; this great oaf of a servant-man fell down on his knees, armed as he was, and though there were thirty people in the next field, working, when the ruffian attacked, not one of them would help but, on the contrary, wished him "good luck."	What has happened, madam, to annoy your ladyship?
What has happened, madam, to annoy your ladyship?	When I asked them in what form they would accept her ladyship's assurances, they said that they were only prepared to accept them if her ladyship confirms her written consent by word of mouth, in their presence, at their counting-house in Birchin Lane, London.  I requested they come here, and save her ladyship and yourself the inconvenience of the trip to London, but they declined, saying that they did not wish to incur the risk of a visit to Castle Hackton to negotiate, as they were aware of how other respectable parties, such as Messrs. Sharp and Salomon had been treated here.
When I asked them in what form they would accept her ladyship's assurances, they said that they were only prepared to accept them if her ladyship confirms her written consent by word of mouth, in their presence, at their counting-house in Birchin Lane, London.  I requested they come here, and save her ladyship and yourself the inconvenience of the trip to London, but they declined, saying that they did not wish to incur the risk of a visit to Castle Hackton to negotiate, as they were aware of how other respectable parties, such as Messrs. Sharp and Salomon had been treated here.	I see.
I see.	Mister Bracegirdle said to me that he had heard her ladyship lives in some fear of her life, and meditated a separation, in which case, she might later repudiate any documents signed by herself while in durance, and subject them, at any rate, to a doubtful and expensive litigation. They were quite insistent on this point, and said they must have absolute assurance of her ladyship's perfect freewill in the transaction before they would advance a shilling of their capital.
Mister Bracegirdle said to me that he had heard her ladyship lives in some fear of her life, and meditated a separation, in which case, she might later repudiate any documents signed by herself while in durance, and subject them, at any rate, to a doubtful and expensive litigation. They were quite insistent on this point, and said they must have absolute assurance of her ladyship's perfect freewill in the transaction before they would advance a shilling of their capital.	Yes, of course.
Yes, of course.	May I be quite frank with you?
May I be quite frank with you?	Provided that they can be assured of her ladyship's freewill?  Are you serious?
Provided that they can be assured of her ladyship's freewill?  Are you serious?	There are a few other points we should discuss.  The loan agreement can only be executed by her ladyship's signature, and provided that Bracegirdle and Chatwick can be assured of her ladyship's freewill in giving her signature.
There are a few other points we should discuss.  The loan agreement can only be executed by her ladyship's signature, and provided that Bracegirdle and Chatwick can be assured of her ladyship's freewill in giving her signature.	I am prepared to accept the terms, Mr. Newcombe.
I am prepared to accept the terms, Mr. Newcombe.	Considering your financial circumstances, Mr. Cosgrove, it has been impossible to find anyone at all prepared to do any business with you.  I think you may count yourself lucky to have this opportunity. But, obviously, if you would reject this offer, I shall keep trying to find a better one.
Considering your financial circumstances, Mr. Cosgrove, it has been impossible to find anyone at all prepared to do any business with you.  I think you may count yourself lucky to have this opportunity. But, obviously, if you would reject this offer, I shall keep trying to find a better one.	Mr. Newcombe, I have made some difficult loans during the past few years, at very onerous terms, but 18% a year interest seems very stiff indeed.
Mr. Newcombe, I have made some difficult loans during the past few years, at very onerous terms, but 18% a year interest seems very stiff indeed.	I have good news for you, Mr. Cosgrove.  The firm of Bracegirdle and Chatwick, in the city of London, are prepared to lend you 20,000 pounds, pledged against your interest in the Edric mines.  They will redeem the encumbrances against the property, which amount to some 10,000 pounds, and take a twenty- year working lease on the mines. They will lend you the 20,000 pounds against the lease income, which they will apply to the loan as it comes in, and they will make a charge of 18% per annum interest on the outstanding loan balance.
I have good news for you, Mr. Cosgrove.  The firm of Bracegirdle and Chatwick, in the city of London, are prepared to lend you 20,000 pounds, pledged against your interest in the Edric mines.  They will redeem the encumbrances against the property, which amount to some 10,000 pounds, and take a twenty- year working lease on the mines. They will lend you the 20,000 pounds against the lease income, which they will apply to the loan as it comes in, and they will make a charge of 18% per annum interest on the outstanding loan balance.	Brooksy was better than you, papa, he used not to swear so, and he taught me many good things while you were away.
Brooksy was better than you, papa, he used not to swear so, and he taught me many good things while you were away.	Yes, he's fine.
Yes, he's fine.	Is he all right, papa?
Is he all right, papa?	Your bother is in America fighting the rebels.
Your bother is in America fighting the rebels.	Yes, papa.
Yes, papa.	I promise your lordship a good flogging if you even so much as go to Doolan's farm to see him.
I promise your lordship a good flogging if you even so much as go to Doolan's farm to see him.	What the devil?  What kind of fools do we have here?  Pottle, who told the lad this story?
What the devil?  What kind of fools do we have here?  Pottle, who told the lad this story?	One of the boys in the stable told Nelly that you've already bought my horse, and that it's at Doolan's farm, where Mick the groom is breaking it in.  Is that true, papa?
One of the boys in the stable told Nelly that you've already bought my horse, and that it's at Doolan's farm, where Mick the groom is breaking it in.  Is that true, papa?	Yes?
Yes?	Papa?
Papa?	Good night, my little darling.
Good night, my little darling.	Good night, papa.
Good night, papa.	Well, we'll just have to wait and see, won't we?
Well, we'll just have to wait and see, won't we?	But I will have it on my birthday, won't I?
But I will have it on my birthday, won't I?	Now, just have a little patience, my boy.  Your birthday isn't until next week.
Now, just have a little patience, my boy.  Your birthday isn't until next week.	Did you buy the horse, papa?
Did you buy the horse, papa?	I am sorry for you Mr. James.  I'm grieved to keep you or any gentleman waiting.  Had you not better to arrange with my doctor or get the cook to flavor my omelette with arsenic?  What are the odds, gentlemen, that I don't live to see Mr. James hang yet?
I am sorry for you Mr. James.  I'm grieved to keep you or any gentleman waiting.  Had you not better to arrange with my doctor or get the cook to flavor my omelette with arsenic?  What are the odds, gentlemen, that I don't live to see Mr. James hang yet?	Sir, let those laugh that win.
Sir, let those laugh that win.	Not so soon, my dear, as you may fancy perhaps.  Why, man, I have been given over many times these four years, and there was always a candidate or two waiting to apply for the situation.  Who knows how long I may keep you waiting.
Not so soon, my dear, as you may fancy perhaps.  Why, man, I have been given over many times these four years, and there was always a candidate or two waiting to apply for the situation.  Who knows how long I may keep you waiting.	I hope that you are not thinking of leaving us soon, knight?
I hope that you are not thinking of leaving us soon, knight?	Is it not a pleasure, gentlemen, for me, as I am drawing near the goal, to find my home such a happy one; my wife so fond of me, that she is even now thinking of appointing a successor?  Isn't it a comfort to see her; like a prudent housewife, getting everything ready for her husband's departure?
Is it not a pleasure, gentlemen, for me, as I am drawing near the goal, to find my home such a happy one; my wife so fond of me, that she is even now thinking of appointing a successor?  Isn't it a comfort to see her; like a prudent housewife, getting everything ready for her husband's departure?	Well, if my intentions are what you think they are -- if I do wish to step into your shoes, what then?  I have no other intentions than you had yourself.  Lady Cosgrove's wealth may be great, but am I not of a generous nature enough to use it worthily?  Her rank is lofty, but not so lofty as my ambition.  I will be sworn to muster just as much regard for my Lady Cosgrove as you ever showed her; and if I win her, and wear her when you are dead and gone, corbleu, knight, do you think that it will be the fear of your ghost will deter me?
Well, if my intentions are what you think they are -- if I do wish to step into your shoes, what then?  I have no other intentions than you had yourself.  Lady Cosgrove's wealth may be great, but am I not of a generous nature enough to use it worthily?  Her rank is lofty, but not so lofty as my ambition.  I will be sworn to muster just as much regard for my Lady Cosgrove as you ever showed her; and if I win her, and wear her when you are dead and gone, corbleu, knight, do you think that it will be the fear of your ghost will deter me?	He wants to step into my shoes!  He wants to step into my shoes!
He wants to step into my shoes!  He wants to step into my shoes!	Faith, sir, if I want to learn good principles, it's surely better I should apply for them to your lady, and your chaplin than to you?
Faith, sir, if I want to learn good principles, it's surely better I should apply for them to your lady, and your chaplin than to you?	Gentlemen, see this amiable youth! He has been troubled by religious scruples, and has flown for refuge to my chaplin, Mr. Hunt, who has asked for advise from my wife, Lady Cosgrove, and between them both, they are confirming my ingenious young friend in his faith.  Did you ever hear of such doctors and such a disciple?
Gentlemen, see this amiable youth! He has been troubled by religious scruples, and has flown for refuge to my chaplin, Mr. Hunt, who has asked for advise from my wife, Lady Cosgrove, and between them both, they are confirming my ingenious young friend in his faith.  Did you ever hear of such doctors and such a disciple?	I think, Sir William Cosgrove, you have had too much drink.  Your chaplin, Mr. Hunt, has introduced me into the company of your lady to advise me on a religious matter, of which she is a considerable expert.
I think, Sir William Cosgrove, you have had too much drink.  Your chaplin, Mr. Hunt, has introduced me into the company of your lady to advise me on a religious matter, of which she is a considerable expert.	Come, come, sir.  I am a man who would rather be known as a cuckold than a fool.
Come, come, sir.  I am a man who would rather be known as a cuckold than a fool.	I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?	Good evening, Mr. James, have you done with my lady?
Good evening, Mr. James, have you done with my lady?	Sir William Cosgrove, with his complication of ills, was dying before us by inches.  He was continually tinkered up by doctors, and, what with my usual luck, he might be restored to health and live I don't know how many years.  If Cosgrove would not die, where was the use of my pursing his lady?  But my fears were to prove groundless, for on that very night, patient nature would claim her account.
Sir William Cosgrove, with his complication of ills, was dying before us by inches.  He was continually tinkered up by doctors, and, what with my usual luck, he might be restored to health and live I don't know how many years.  If Cosgrove would not die, where was the use of my pursing his lady?  But my fears were to prove groundless, for on that very night, patient nature would claim her account.	Well, why not a milkmaid's daughter? No man of sense need restrict himself or deny himself a single amusement for his wife's sake; on the contrary, if he selects the animal properly, he will choose such a one as shall be no bar to his pleasure, but a comfort in his hours of annoyance.  For instance, I have got the gout; who tends me?  A hired valet who robs me whenever he has the power.  My wife never comes near me.  What friend have I?  None in the wide world.  Men of the world, as you and I are, don't make friends, and we are fools for our pains.
Well, why not a milkmaid's daughter? No man of sense need restrict himself or deny himself a single amusement for his wife's sake; on the contrary, if he selects the animal properly, he will choose such a one as shall be no bar to his pleasure, but a comfort in his hours of annoyance.  For instance, I have got the gout; who tends me?  A hired valet who robs me whenever he has the power.  My wife never comes near me.  What friend have I?  None in the wide world.  Men of the world, as you and I are, don't make friends, and we are fools for our pains.	The milkmaid's daughter?
The milkmaid's daughter?	In truth, sir, yes, but, if you must marry, then marry a virtuous drudge.
In truth, sir, yes, but, if you must marry, then marry a virtuous drudge.	Would you have me spend my life all alone?
Would you have me spend my life all alone?	Indeed, you are right, sir.  Look at me.  Marriage has added forty years to my life.  I am dying, a worn-out cripple, at the age of fifty.  When I took off Lady Cosgrove, there was no man of my years who looked so young as myself.  Fool that I was! I had enough with my pensions, perfect freedom, the best society in Europe -- and I gave up all these, and married and was miserable.  Take a warning from me, Mr. Roderick, and stick to the trumps.  Do anything, but marry.
Indeed, you are right, sir.  Look at me.  Marriage has added forty years to my life.  I am dying, a worn-out cripple, at the age of fifty.  When I took off Lady Cosgrove, there was no man of my years who looked so young as myself.  Fool that I was! I had enough with my pensions, perfect freedom, the best society in Europe -- and I gave up all these, and married and was miserable.  Take a warning from me, Mr. Roderick, and stick to the trumps.  Do anything, but marry.	Hang it, Mr. Roderick James, you have no more manners than a barber, and I think my black footman has been better educated than you; but you are a young fellow of originality and pluck, and I like you, sir.  because you seem determined to go to the devil by a way of your own.
Hang it, Mr. Roderick James, you have no more manners than a barber, and I think my black footman has been better educated than you; but you are a young fellow of originality and pluck, and I like you, sir.  because you seem determined to go to the devil by a way of your own.	I made Sir William Cosgrove's acquaintance as usual at the play- table.  One could not but admire the spirit and gallantry with which he pursued his favorite pastime; for, though worn out with gout and a myriad of diseases, a cripple wheeled about in a chair, and suffering pangs of agony, yet you would see him every morning, and every evening at his post behind the delightful green cloth.
I made Sir William Cosgrove's acquaintance as usual at the play- table.  One could not but admire the spirit and gallantry with which he pursued his favorite pastime; for, though worn out with gout and a myriad of diseases, a cripple wheeled about in a chair, and suffering pangs of agony, yet you would see him every morning, and every evening at his post behind the delightful green cloth.	Tender Hegenheim.
Tender Hegenheim.	He will believe that it will please me if he asks about it, and I shall tell him everything except some circumstances which might humiliate him.
He will believe that it will please me if he asks about it, and I shall tell him everything except some circumstances which might humiliate him.	Will he wish to know the details of this night?
Will he wish to know the details of this night?	He loves me, as I love you.
He loves me, as I love you.	If his love were like mine, he would not permit you to come here.
If his love were like mine, he would not permit you to come here.	He is only curious to know who you are.
He is only curious to know who you are.	And he doesn't care about me?
And he doesn't care about me?	Yes.  He brought me in his carriage, and he will call for me at midnight.
Yes.  He brought me in his carriage, and he will call for me at midnight.	Do you expect me to believe that your lover brought you here tonight?
Do you expect me to believe that your lover brought you here tonight?	Dark Valdez.
Dark Valdez.	Black-eyed Sczortarska.
Black-eyed Sczortarska.	Charming Schuvaloff.
Charming Schuvaloff.	The sets were excellent. Everything was big, you know, all the rubbish, coke cans, sweet wrappers, dustbins, so when you were watching it you felt cat size. It was really clever.
The sets were excellent. Everything was big, you know, all the rubbish, coke cans, sweet wrappers, dustbins, so when you were watching it you felt cat size. It was really clever.	The sets were good.
The sets were good.	Yeah. It was quite good actually. Some bits I really liked.
Yeah. It was quite good actually. Some bits I really liked.	Yeah it was okay.
Yeah it was okay.	I paid for those guitar cases.
I paid for those guitar cases.	Those aren't presents. That's normal friendship stuff
Those aren't presents. That's normal friendship stuff	When we went to the Hard Rock Cafe. Who paid? When we went to see 'Cats'. Who paid?
When we went to the Hard Rock Cafe. Who paid? When we went to see 'Cats'. Who paid?	Such as?
Such as?	I've been buying you stuff all week. I've been buying him stuff all week.
I've been buying you stuff all week. I've been buying him stuff all week.	I got you those trousers from Paul Smith.
I got you those trousers from Paul Smith.	No I don't.
No I don't.	You know what for.
You know what for.	What for?
What for?	Put it in the cases. Split it up. And don't forget you owe me 150.
Put it in the cases. Split it up. And don't forget you owe me 150.	Fifty thousand. Almost exactly.
Fifty thousand. Almost exactly.	You first.
You first.	No I haven't.
No I haven't.	You have. You've actually fallen for this prick.
You have. You've actually fallen for this prick.	Leave him!
Leave him!	What. You're what? You're with this creep now.
What. You're what? You're with this creep now.	What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?	What? What are you doing?
What? What are you doing?	Name it.
Name it.	A baby? What are we supposed to do with a baby?
A baby? What are we supposed to do with a baby?	You heard what I said. I'm pregnant. I've been throwing up for weeks.
You heard what I said. I'm pregnant. I've been throwing up for weeks.	What?
What?	Thank you.
Thank you.	Say thank you.
Say thank you.	Yeah.
Yeah.	Do you like it?
Do you like it?	It is. I did it cooking.
It is. I did it cooking.	That's not a burn.
That's not a burn.	It's nothing. I burnt myself.
It's nothing. I burnt myself.	What's this?
What's this?	We'll stop then.
We'll stop then.	Yes.
Yes.	Do you want to stop?
Do you want to stop?	You know what I mean babe, It's enough. We can stop.
You know what I mean babe, It's enough. We can stop.	What do you mean?
What do you mean?	It's enough isn't it?
It's enough isn't it?	There's over eighty thousand here.
There's over eighty thousand here.	Sixty four thousand, eight hundred.
Sixty four thousand, eight hundred.	Right.
Right.	I thought you could give us the tour this morning. Sort of be our Indian Guide.
I thought you could give us the tour this morning. Sort of be our Indian Guide.	Hello.
Hello.	Uh... Yes.
Uh... Yes.	You can see why it's sensitive?
You can see why it's sensitive?	Right.
Right.	To customers approaching the bank from the rear
To customers approaching the bank from the rear	Ch...
Ch...	This is sensitive. Your car. Lovely car. Doesn't necessarily give the right impression.
This is sensitive. Your car. Lovely car. Doesn't necessarily give the right impression.	Leave her alone.
Leave her alone.	I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.	Just leave her alone.
Just leave her alone.	Oh Jesus. Of course I can't.
Oh Jesus. Of course I can't.	He is sure you can do this. Of course you can not.
He is sure you can do this. Of course you can not.	Oh Jesus.
Oh Jesus.	I've got eight hundred pounds. Oh Jesus.
I've got eight hundred pounds. Oh Jesus.	You don't understand. He wants all the money that is in your bank.
You don't understand. He wants all the money that is in your bank.	I'll fuckin' give it to him! We'll go down there.
I'll fuckin' give it to him! We'll go down there.	He wants the money from your bank.
He wants the money from your bank.	I'll give him money. Tell him to put the...
I'll give him money. Tell him to put the...	He wants a lot of money.
He wants a lot of money.	Tell him to put the kettle down and I'll give him money.
Tell him to put the kettle down and I'll give him money.	He wants money.
He wants money.	What does he want. The Russian shithead. What do you want ?
What does he want. The Russian shithead. What do you want ?	He says you are very sad ridiculous man. I don't agree of course. And that you must pay someone to have sex like a prostitute. Nadia is a prostitute. I'm sorry.
He says you are very sad ridiculous man. I don't agree of course. And that you must pay someone to have sex like a prostitute. Nadia is a prostitute. I'm sorry.	What did he say? Tell me!
What did he say? Tell me!	What? What does he want?
What? What does he want?	He says you scare him so much he must go to the toilet in his trousers. John, he is a soldier. A trained killer. We must do what he says.
He says you scare him so much he must go to the toilet in his trousers. John, he is a soldier. A trained killer. We must do what he says.	Put the fucking kettle down. Tell, Yuri, tell him put it down or I'm going to make him.
Put the fucking kettle down. Tell, Yuri, tell him put it down or I'm going to make him.	John.
John.	Put the fucking kettle down.
Put the fucking kettle down.	Good night.
Good night.	I have brought you trouble. Maybe I should have come alone.
I have brought you trouble. Maybe I should have come alone.	You can stay tonight.
You can stay tonight.	I understand. I'm so sorry
I understand. I'm so sorry	To be indoors on such a day. It's crime.
To be indoors on such a day. It's crime.	Fine. I thought you were leaving today.
Fine. I thought you were leaving today.	How is bank?
How is bank?	It's very strange. How many people are truly themselves with their love? It is the greatest human disaster and it is never in the newspapers. There are no Marches Against Heartache, no Ministries Against Loneliness, no Concerts Against Disappointment. We look away. And still we know in secret that nothing is more important to us. The one thing we all share but don't say. Look John I will show you something.
It's very strange. How many people are truly themselves with their love? It is the greatest human disaster and it is never in the newspapers. There are no Marches Against Heartache, no Ministries Against Loneliness, no Concerts Against Disappointment. We look away. And still we know in secret that nothing is more important to us. The one thing we all share but don't say. Look John I will show you something.	I suppose it's... I mean define your terms.
I suppose it's... I mean define your terms.	Do you believe in love?
Do you believe in love?	No. It's not that.
No. It's not that.	You are not ashamed of it? It's no surprise to want to love.
You are not ashamed of it? It's no surprise to want to love.	He says why did you send to Russia for a wife.
He says why did you send to Russia for a wife.	Tell me what he said.
Tell me what he said.	No. It is too judgmental.
No. It is too judgmental.	Tell me.
Tell me.	Oh nothing.
Oh nothing.	What was that?
What was that?	Binoculars. He had these Binoculars he has kept from the war.
Binoculars. He had these Binoculars he has kept from the war.	Binoculars.
Binoculars.	"I have these uh..." She explains to you... "When I was a little girl my father had these beautiful old glasses." Like... I don't know the word. Like for watching uh... for watching the birds.
"I have these uh..." She explains to you... "When I was a little girl my father had these beautiful old glasses." Like... I don't know the word. Like for watching uh... for watching the birds.	I...
I...	"I saw you waiting there, by the gate."
"I saw you waiting there, by the gate."	When?
When?	What?
What?	She says she has a secret to tell.
She says she has a secret to tell.	Classic!  Thank God. She says 'Yes!'
Classic!  Thank God. She says 'Yes!'	Uh. Do you like England?
Uh. Do you like England?	She says 'Hello' to you. Go for it John!
She says 'Hello' to you. Go for it John!	No, no...
No, no...	You're asking for my documents?
You're asking for my documents?	You must have a visa or something...
You must have a visa or something...	Plans are for the architects, politicians and so forth.
Plans are for the architects, politicians and so forth.	So how long will you be in England?
So how long will you be in England?	Yes it's okay. Thank you for the food.
Yes it's okay. Thank you for the food.	I asked her if you were happy to see us. I find it hard to tell with you.
I asked her if you were happy to see us. I find it hard to tell with you.	What was that?
What was that?	So I come to England with other actors to make shows, I meet this freak from Novgorod I tell him of you and Chicken and the birthday here we are.
So I come to England with other actors to make shows, I meet this freak from Novgorod I tell him of you and Chicken and the birthday here we are.	So?
So?	Right. So I can say he smokes me. So.
Right. So I can say he smokes me. So.	No.
No.	I am actor, he is actor, although he is an actor stroke musician. I just noodle along, I'm not so good. He makes me look like a retard -- He smokes me. I don't mean he smokes me.
I am actor, he is actor, although he is an actor stroke musician. I just noodle along, I'm not so good. He makes me look like a retard -- He smokes me. I don't mean he smokes me.	Right.
Right.	We better watch him. He's crazy.
We better watch him. He's crazy.	Right.
Right.	Of course not. Alexei, he's is my problem.
Of course not. Alexei, he's is my problem.	So hang on. You're both Nadia's cousins?
So hang on. You're both Nadia's cousins?	Toast first then we talk seriously, I can see you are serious about us.
Toast first then we talk seriously, I can see you are serious about us.	Hold on.
Hold on.	And what? You mean from the beginning? Jesus. Can I uh okay, as we say in Russia can I cut a long story short. Okay. Nadia is my little cousin. Except she's not. But we say cousin. This is for you.
And what? You mean from the beginning? Jesus. Can I uh okay, as we say in Russia can I cut a long story short. Okay. Nadia is my little cousin. Except she's not. But we say cousin. This is for you.	And...
And...	Good. 
Good. 	Yes. I know.
Yes. I know.	Oh.  We are Russian.
Oh.  We are Russian.	I need to know who you are first please.
I need to know who you are first please.	He says he feels safe here.
He says he feels safe here.	What did he say?
What did he say?	What?
What?	I'm asking what you're here for.
I'm asking what you're here for.	Sorry. You've lost me...
Sorry. You've lost me...	What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?	You must find some glasses, small, for the toast, and some plates.
You must find some glasses, small, for the toast, and some plates.	Hang on hang on, sorry, but like, who are you?
Hang on hang on, sorry, but like, who are you?	How's that? We can't drink our piss can we?
How's that? We can't drink our piss can we?	Sophia. Hello Sophia. Mine's still John.
Sophia. Hello Sophia. Mine's still John.	My name's Sophia.
My name's Sophia.	Right.
Right.	Hurry. I'll wait for you here.
Hurry. I'll wait for you here.	Maybe you will find out.
Maybe you will find out.	What does it mean?
What does it mean?	Tell me about it.
Tell me about it.	It's a long way to go for a date.
It's a long way to go for a date.	It's more like a date.
It's more like a date.	No. What? No. I know.
No. What? No. I know.	I'm not asking you to marry me.
I'm not asking you to marry me.	Why?
Why?	It's what you came back for.
It's what you came back for.	It's not mine either.
It's not mine either.	It's not mine.
It's not mine.	Please.
Please.	I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.	Whatever.
Whatever.	You didn't deserve me John Buckingham.
You didn't deserve me John Buckingham.	Goodbye.
Goodbye.	I'm quitting. This will be my last one. So. Goodbye.
I'm quitting. This will be my last one. So. Goodbye.	You can probably buy them on the flight.
You can probably buy them on the flight.	Okay. Promise?
Okay. Promise?	Something else.
Something else.	Goodbye.
Goodbye.	Okay. Goodbye.
Okay. Goodbye.	Because it was a lie.
Because it was a lie.	Please. Why not?
Please. Why not?	Yeah. No thanks.
Yeah. No thanks.	Whatever.
Whatever.	Okay. Thank you.
Okay. Thank you.	No. I think I better just go.
No. I think I better just go.	I've got an hour. Can I buy you a coffee?
I've got an hour. Can I buy you a coffee?	It's alright.
It's alright.	You know you can come under the blanket.
You know you can come under the blanket.	What's your name?
What's your name?	What was her name?
What was her name?	I don't know.
I don't know.	Except for Small Eyes.
Except for Small Eyes.	Except for Small Eyes.
Except for Small Eyes.	I don't want anyone to die.
I don't want anyone to die.	Maybe I want to die. Don't you want me to die?
Maybe I want to die. Don't you want me to die?	Nobody's that unhappy.
Nobody's that unhappy.	I smoke more these days. I smoke more when I'm unhappy.
I smoke more these days. I smoke more when I'm unhappy.	I've got news for you. It's not working.
I've got news for you. It's not working.	I'm trying to quit.
I'm trying to quit.	You should stop smoking. You're pregnant. You smoke like a fucking lab dog.
You should stop smoking. You're pregnant. You smoke like a fucking lab dog.	Laugh it up.
Laugh it up.	She's alive!! She is not dead?
She's alive!! She is not dead?	She's alive?
She's alive?	I don't know why I said it. I'm sorry.
I don't know why I said it. I'm sorry.	What?
What?	I don't know why I said that. She's not dead at all.
I don't know why I said that. She's not dead at all.	I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.	She's dead.
She's dead.	Did she leave you? Come on. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Who did she leave you for? Your best friend? Her boss? A woman? Did she leave you for a woman, John?
Did she leave you? Come on. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Who did she leave you for? Your best friend? Her boss? A woman? Did she leave you for a woman, John?	It's none of your business. She didn't have small eyes.
It's none of your business. She didn't have small eyes.	The thin... the girl with small eyes. The one in your cupboard.
The thin... the girl with small eyes. The one in your cupboard.	What?
What?	What happened between you and the blonde?
What happened between you and the blonde?	Not really. Maybe a little.
Not really. Maybe a little.	Are you scared?
Are you scared?	No.
No.	Have you had any before?
Have you had any before?	No.
No.	Do you know if it's a boy or a girl?
Do you know if it's a boy or a girl?	Well what have you got?
Well what have you got?	I don't have nothing.
I don't have nothing.	I'm pretty naive? Look at you. You have to do all this, and what have you got to show for it? Nothing.
I'm pretty naive? Look at you. You have to do all this, and what have you got to show for it? Nothing.	You are pretty naive if you think it is.
You are pretty naive if you think it is.	Thank Christ for that.
Thank Christ for that.	The rest of the world, John, it's not all like St. Albans.
The rest of the world, John, it's not all like St. Albans.	Yeah. He's a smashing bloke.
Yeah. He's a smashing bloke.	Fifteen. You don't know him. He was very kind and strong.
Fifteen. You don't know him. He was very kind and strong.	Then okay.  So how old were you when you met him?
Then okay.  So how old were you when you met him?	I wasn't saying anything.
I wasn't saying anything.	Please, there's no... Oh.
Please, there's no... Oh.	What? I... I wasn't saying...
What? I... I wasn't saying...	You don't have to say anything
You don't have to say anything	You know, in Russia, there's no work for women. It's a different world.
You know, in Russia, there's no work for women. It's a different world.	Get out.
Get out.	You are throwing me out.
You are throwing me out.	Get out
Get out	Excuse me?
Excuse me?	You don't understand you either.
You don't understand you either.	You don't understand me.
You don't understand me.	So what did you want? I think we understand each other, no?
So what did you want? I think we understand each other, no?	It wasn't what I wanted.
It wasn't what I wanted.	You didn't mind too much.
You didn't mind too much.	I got what I paid for.
I got what I paid for.	You...
You...	What?
What?	Oh. I think you will recover okay. I think you got what you paid for.
Oh. I think you will recover okay. I think you got what you paid for.	I think it's my safest bet, don't you?
I think it's my safest bet, don't you?	So now you hate all women?
So now you hate all women?	Well, it's just that the thought trying to charm up an erection in front of a woman, or alone for that matter, makes me want to die.
Well, it's just that the thought trying to charm up an erection in front of a woman, or alone for that matter, makes me want to die.	Why?
Why?	I don't like sex. I don't think I'll be having sex ever again.
I don't like sex. I don't think I'll be having sex ever again.	There's nothing wrong in liking sex, John.
There's nothing wrong in liking sex, John.	Some... What does that mean?
Some... What does that mean?	Sometimes neither.
Sometimes neither.	Sometimes which?
Sometimes which?	Sometimes.
Sometimes.	So what? Do you just switch off in your head or do you imagine you're with him, or what?
So what? Do you just switch off in your head or do you imagine you're with him, or what?	Listen. I didn't go rooting around in your private stuff.
Listen. I didn't go rooting around in your private stuff.	Whereas "Wet 'n' Wild" is an emotional journey. "Tied and Tethered". It's pretty moving huh? Like Anna Karenina.
Whereas "Wet 'n' Wild" is an emotional journey. "Tied and Tethered". It's pretty moving huh? Like Anna Karenina.	So. What then? You just detach sex from everything..
So. What then? You just detach sex from everything..	What's a moral orgasm John? Tell me how it feels exactly.
What's a moral orgasm John? Tell me how it feels exactly.	And that would be Morals. That would be one's own moral sense of decency.
And that would be Morals. That would be one's own moral sense of decency.	And who says what is wrong.
And who says what is wrong.	And. It's wrong.
And. It's wrong.	And? What are you saying?
And? What are you saying?	Okay. Let's... Okay. Okay. You have had sex with people you don't like haven't you? For money. To make money.
Okay. Let's... Okay. Okay. You have had sex with people you don't like haven't you? For money. To make money.	I don't hate you.
I don't hate you.	So. What's it like having to fuck men you hate?
So. What's it like having to fuck men you hate?	We'll pretend it never happened.
We'll pretend it never happened.	Okay we won't talk about it.
Okay we won't talk about it.	No.
No.	You don't want to talk about it.
You don't want to talk about it.	Shut up. I'm not listening.
Shut up. I'm not listening.	Why not?
Why not?	I don't want to talk about it.
I don't want to talk about it.	No. But you tend to tie them up.
No. But you tend to tie them up.	Yeah. I tend to tie up and abandon women I really want to see again too.
Yeah. I tend to tie up and abandon women I really want to see again too.	He left me my passport and ticket. It's pretty clear he wants to see me again.
He left me my passport and ticket. It's pretty clear he wants to see me again.	Excuse me?
Excuse me?	He will come back.
He will come back.	Not the kids type then is he? Not that broody. You must be pretty miffed.
Not the kids type then is he? Not that broody. You must be pretty miffed.	But, you know, so what?
But, you know, so what?	Of course. Of course. Of course he does. Of course. Thank you. Thanks.
Of course. Of course. Of course he does. Of course. Thank you. Thanks.	If what you want to know is does he have a bigger cock than you, then yes he does.
If what you want to know is does he have a bigger cock than you, then yes he does.	Oh Jesus.
Oh Jesus.	Look, if you want to know is he better in bed than you then yes he is.
Look, if you want to know is he better in bed than you then yes he is.	So uh...
So uh...	Fine. Absolutely. Must be disappointing though. Must come as a hell of a shock.
Fine. Absolutely. Must be disappointing though. Must come as a hell of a shock.	It's none of your business.
It's none of your business.	Fine.
Fine.	I don't want to talk about him.
I don't want to talk about him.	So, uh, Alexei, which I know isn't his name...
So, uh, Alexei, which I know isn't his name...	I said I don't have any.
I said I don't have any.	What?
What?	I don't have any money.
I don't have any money.	Give me some money.
Give me some money.	Yes.
Yes.	Shut up. Have you got your passport?
Shut up. Have you got your passport?	What?
What?	Have you got your passport?
Have you got your passport?	You don't have to do this. I can look after myself.
You don't have to do this. I can look after myself.	No you're not. How... Nice one. How dumb do you think I am ?
No you're not. How... Nice one. How dumb do you think I am ?	I'm going... I am... I'm going to be sick.
I'm going... I am... I'm going to be sick.	What? No you're not..
What? No you're not..	I'm going to be sick. Where's the...
I'm going to be sick. Where's the...	What?
What?	Where's the restroom?
Where's the restroom?	Well, Nadia, It it's all the same to you, I'd like to give it a bash.
Well, Nadia, It it's all the same to you, I'd like to give it a bash.	You can't hurt me more than I'm hurt already.
You can't hurt me more than I'm hurt already.	In every sense. If at all possible.
In every sense. If at all possible.	So you're just going to be vindictive
So you're just going to be vindictive	I do. I want to very badly.
I do. I want to very badly.	I know you just want to punish me --
I know you just want to punish me --	In the world.
In the world.	No I don't.
No I don't.	You must think... I'm the biggest pillock... In the world.
You must think... I'm the biggest pillock... In the world.	Well as it turns out I did.
Well as it turns out I did.	Why else would you send off for me? If you just wanted sex just go to a prostitute.
Why else would you send off for me? If you just wanted sex just go to a prostitute.	Even so I always felt the decision to burst in and rob it very much remained with me.
Even so I always felt the decision to burst in and rob it very much remained with me.	They don't blame you. When a bank employee does this they understand. You get your life back. Anyway I bet you hated that bank.
They don't blame you. When a bank employee does this they understand. You get your life back. Anyway I bet you hated that bank.	I'm going to drink my coffee. Then, we're going to the police station. Where there will be lawyers, loss of job, house, humiliation, gutter press, and probably prison.
I'm going to drink my coffee. Then, we're going to the police station. Where there will be lawyers, loss of job, house, humiliation, gutter press, and probably prison.	So what are you going to do?
So what are you going to do?	That's a relief. It's nice to know I'm a regular guy.
That's a relief. It's nice to know I'm a regular guy.	It makes it faster. If I don't speak to the men, they fall faster. It's pretty obvious why.
It makes it faster. If I don't speak to the men, they fall faster. It's pretty obvious why.	I don't want to know.
I don't want to know.	It's makes it easier. Okay.
It's makes it easier. Okay.	Unless. Unless this is part of the routine. You get tied up, stick around, distract me, they both bust in and Steal My Cup Of Coffee.
Unless. Unless this is part of the routine. You get tied up, stick around, distract me, they both bust in and Steal My Cup Of Coffee.	I think that about covers it. I think I have grasped the part about you being dumped though. That's got to hurt, I imagine. That's got to smart a bit. I mean strictly in my observer's capacity it seemed you two were getting on Pretty Fucking Famously.
I think that about covers it. I think I have grasped the part about you being dumped though. That's got to hurt, I imagine. That's got to smart a bit. I mean strictly in my observer's capacity it seemed you two were getting on Pretty Fucking Famously.	You don't understand anything.
You don't understand anything.	Oh, I don't know. In my job as Deputy Assistant of New Business at the bank would have to listen to the problems of a great many individuals. This took a lot of understanding and sympathy, to try to work out solutions to their problems. But, you see, I'm not in that line of work anymore. Nowadays I'm a bank robber.
Oh, I don't know. In my job as Deputy Assistant of New Business at the bank would have to listen to the problems of a great many individuals. This took a lot of understanding and sympathy, to try to work out solutions to their problems. But, you see, I'm not in that line of work anymore. Nowadays I'm a bank robber.	They go.
They go.	Of course. They go. Yes. Yes.
Of course. They go. Yes. Yes.	They go.
They go.	What's wrong?
What's wrong?	They go. John. They go.
They go. John. They go.	Yes I know.
Yes I know.	"Frenzy".
"Frenzy".	Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday.
Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday.	Syevodnya
Syevodnya	Syevodnya?
Syevodnya?	Happy bath day.
Happy bath day.	I don't understand.
I don't understand.	Sorry?
Sorry?	Today is bath day.
Today is bath day.	Yes.
Yes.	Uh... Are you a giraffe?
Uh... Are you a giraffe?	Yes.
Yes.	Do you follow or should I speak slower?
Do you follow or should I speak slower?	Yes.
Yes.	Good. Or should I speak slower?
Good. Or should I speak slower?	Yes.
Yes.	Do uh... Sorry. Can you follow me? Do you understand what I'm saying?
Do uh... Sorry. Can you follow me? Do you understand what I'm saying?	Yes.
Yes.	And how was the flight. Sorry, am I speaking too fast for you?
And how was the flight. Sorry, am I speaking too fast for you?	Yes.
Yes.	I bet.  What about me? Am I how you imagined?
I bet.  What about me? Am I how you imagined?	Yes.
Yes.	So. Is it different to how you imagined it?
So. Is it different to how you imagined it?	I mean... "Ants." "I've got a problem with ants."
I mean... "Ants." "I've got a problem with ants."	Yes.
Yes.	I'm pretty nervous. Are you?
I'm pretty nervous. Are you?	Yes.
Yes.	I just can't find a nest. The root of the problem. I've looked everywhere. What's the Russian for ant? Sorry that's a stupid... Sorry. This is strange isn't it.
I just can't find a nest. The root of the problem. I've looked everywhere. What's the Russian for ant? Sorry that's a stupid... Sorry. This is strange isn't it.	Yes.
Yes.	It's about forty miles from here. I don't know if you've looked at a map, it's close to London but it's a city in itself. A Roman city. It's a nice house. I'm having a problem with ants. I uh... It's the warmer weather. I can't seem to find the nest. Sorry, do you understand "ants"?
It's about forty miles from here. I don't know if you've looked at a map, it's close to London but it's a city in itself. A Roman city. It's a nice house. I'm having a problem with ants. I uh... It's the warmer weather. I can't seem to find the nest. Sorry, do you understand "ants"?	Right. Okay. Good.
Right. Okay. Good.	Yes.
Yes.	Is that everything?
Is that everything?	Cash.
Cash.	How do you want to pay?
How do you want to pay?	Thanks.
Thanks.	You have excellent English.
You have excellent English.	Please check. Is it full? Please could you check.
Please check. Is it full? Please could you check.	I'm sorry Sir. I believe the flight is closed.
I'm sorry Sir. I believe the flight is closed.	Is the flight full?
Is the flight full?	Sure.
Sure.	She is a dancer! And a lovely one! You would like her very much! Shall we dance?
She is a dancer! And a lovely one! You would like her very much! Shall we dance?	Your mom was a dancer?
Your mom was a dancer?	No, I'm not! My mom taught me.
No, I'm not! My mom taught me.	You're kidding!
You're kidding!	Really?
Really?	We work on Rodeo Drive.  But we're both professional dancers.
We work on Rodeo Drive.  But we're both professional dancers.	He's really funny!
He's really funny!	I'm Adam Webber.
I'm Adam Webber.	This is my new friend...
This is my new friend...	Thank-Q!
Thank-Q!	Bravo!
Bravo!	You like it?
You like it?	Oh, now, that's a great one!
Oh, now, that's a great one!	I was wondering if you might help me. I...I seem to have lost my Congressional Medal of Honor somewhere around here.
I was wondering if you might help me. I...I seem to have lost my Congressional Medal of Honor somewhere around here.	Yes?
Yes?	Hi!
Hi!	Young man, stop right there!
Young man, stop right there!	The key to my hotel room!  I want you to have my baseball cards!  And please be sure to pay my bill!
The key to my hotel room!  I want you to have my baseball cards!  And please be sure to pay my bill!	Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.	Let's go talk first, Adam.
Let's go talk first, Adam.	I thank you very much for the invitation, but I'm quite busy today. Perhaps I could see you tomorrow.
I thank you very much for the invitation, but I'm quite busy today. Perhaps I could see you tomorrow.	Well, that depends...
Well, that depends...	For how long?
For how long?	My office.
My office.	Come where?
Come where?	We want you to come with us so we can talk some more about your experiences.
We want you to come with us so we can talk some more about your experiences.	Adam, I'd like to introduce you to my associate -- Mr. Brown.
Adam, I'd like to introduce you to my associate -- Mr. Brown.	Fallout shelter. There's a difference.
Fallout shelter. There's a difference.	Very well, thank you. I'm with the County Family Services Department. Eve tells me you've been living in a bomb shelter most of your life.
Very well, thank you. I'm with the County Family Services Department. Eve tells me you've been living in a bomb shelter most of your life.	How do you do?
How do you do?	I'm Nina Aron, Adam.
I'm Nina Aron, Adam.	Eve? I'm leaving.
Eve? I'm leaving.	It certainly is.  I agree with you completely.
It certainly is.  I agree with you completely.	Maybe we shouldn't fight at all. Fighting is pretty immature.
Maybe we shouldn't fight at all. Fighting is pretty immature.	Do ya?
Do ya?	Cliff, I must warn you. I know how to defend myself.
Cliff, I must warn you. I know how to defend myself.	Shallow? I'm shallow?!
Shallow? I'm shallow?!	I'm sorry, and legs. Legs, butt and hair.  Well, isn't he?  And shallow, as well?
I'm sorry, and legs. Legs, butt and hair.  Well, isn't he?  And shallow, as well?	What?!
What?!	Eve, I don't mean to be rude, and please excuse me Cliff, but Eve, isn't Cliff just a butt with hair?
Eve, I don't mean to be rude, and please excuse me Cliff, but Eve, isn't Cliff just a butt with hair?	Oh, brother...
Oh, brother...	Please excuse this interruption.
Please excuse this interruption.	How 'bout a drink at the bar?
How 'bout a drink at the bar?	Thank you very much. But, Cliff, that's my seat. And I was just--
Thank you very much. But, Cliff, that's my seat. And I was just--	But I do miss that green sport coat of yours.
But I do miss that green sport coat of yours.	I do fine, Adam.  How 'bout yourself?  You doin' any good?
I do fine, Adam.  How 'bout yourself?  You doin' any good?	How do you do?
How do you do?	My mother's like that.
My mother's like that.	We can make this work, Adam! Believe me! I'm very good at making things work!
We can make this work, Adam! Believe me! I'm very good at making things work!	See! I can't tell them that!  I can't ever let them know. It makes their life..well, frankly... a joke.  I can't let that happen.  You understand?
See! I can't tell them that!  I can't ever let them know. It makes their life..well, frankly... a joke.  I can't let that happen.  You understand?	No.
No.	Could I please just go home?  I was lost, but this morning I found home and I promise not to bother any of you ever again.
Could I please just go home?  I was lost, but this morning I found home and I promise not to bother any of you ever again.	...I do.
...I do.	...All right, Eve.  If you say so.
...All right, Eve.  If you say so.	Adam....you should go with Dr. Aron. It's the best thing.  The best thing for you. I promise.
Adam....you should go with Dr. Aron. It's the best thing.  The best thing for you. I promise.	Hi, Adam.  This is, uh....
Hi, Adam.  This is, uh....	Hi, Eve!
Hi, Eve!	Neat. Goodnight!
Neat. Goodnight!	And I think better than the ocean. I'm serious!
And I think better than the ocean. I'm serious!	Really?  Okay!
Really?  Okay!	It was at least as good as the sky.
It was at least as good as the sky.	My pleasure.
My pleasure.	Not at all.  And Eve thank you for tonight...and for the kiss. My first.
Not at all.  And Eve thank you for tonight...and for the kiss. My first.	That's right.  And I'll see you in the morning in the lobby.  Do you mind waiting outside for the taxi?
That's right.  And I'll see you in the morning in the lobby.  Do you mind waiting outside for the taxi?	Of course.  I shouldn't be over here at this hour.
Of course.  I shouldn't be over here at this hour.	I want you to go back to the hotel now.  I'll call you a cab.
I want you to go back to the hotel now.  I'll call you a cab.	Yes, Eve?
Yes, Eve?	Uh-huh. Adam?
Uh-huh. Adam?	No.
No.	Adam...dumb question, but humor me. Have you ever had sex before?
Adam...dumb question, but humor me. Have you ever had sex before?	"All at once am I--several stories high-- knowing I'm--on the street-- where you live."  It's about a young man who is overjoyed just to be standing in front of the house of the person he loves.
"All at once am I--several stories high-- knowing I'm--on the street-- where you live."  It's about a young man who is overjoyed just to be standing in front of the house of the person he loves.	Sing it to me.
Sing it to me.	But it just wasn't where I wanted to be so I left as politely as I could and found a taxi.  But I asked the driver to drop me here instead of at the hotel.  There's a song Mister Como sings called "On the Street Where You Live."  You know it?
But it just wasn't where I wanted to be so I left as politely as I could and found a taxi.  But I asked the driver to drop me here instead of at the hotel.  There's a song Mister Como sings called "On the Street Where You Live."  You know it?	Is that what you call it?
Is that what you call it?	I went to Sophie's and she was very hospitable.
I went to Sophie's and she was very hospitable.	Thanks.
Thanks.	There.
There.	Well, you had better!!
Well, you had better!!	I know first aid!
I know first aid!	Look! I'm limping!  How attractive is that?!  What if this is for life?!
Look! I'm limping!  How attractive is that?!  What if this is for life?!	Eve, if you'll let me, I can --
Eve, if you'll let me, I can --	Goodnight!
Goodnight!	What?
What?	Well, you should be!  Thanks to you, my heart is in my neck!
Well, you should be!  Thanks to you, my heart is in my neck!	I know...and I'm really sorry.
I know...and I'm really sorry.	What in the hell are you doing here!! You're supposed to be over on San Vicente Boulevard having unsafe sex with that slut Sophie!!
What in the hell are you doing here!! You're supposed to be over on San Vicente Boulevard having unsafe sex with that slut Sophie!!	I'm really sorry!
I'm really sorry!	Scare me, why don't you?!!?  You stupid son of a bitch!!!
Scare me, why don't you?!!?  You stupid son of a bitch!!!	Eve?!
Eve?!	And tomorrow maybe Troy will help you out--because I quit!  This is ridiculous! You're ridiculous! I'm ridiculous!
And tomorrow maybe Troy will help you out--because I quit!  This is ridiculous! You're ridiculous! I'm ridiculous!	But, Eve, I would--
But, Eve, I would--	I'm leaving, too.
I'm leaving, too.	Eve, I'm sorry.
Eve, I'm sorry.	I don't blame you!
I don't blame you!	I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.	Adam?!
Adam?!	All right. Let me tell you the whole thing. In 1962--
All right. Let me tell you the whole thing. In 1962--	I want to know exactly who you are and what you're really up to!
I want to know exactly who you are and what you're really up to!	No.  I admire you.  I...I fell in love with you the first time I saw you.  I did. I think that you are the most--
No.  I admire you.  I...I fell in love with you the first time I saw you.  I did. I think that you are the most--	You think I'm some sort of sap?! Don't you?!
You think I'm some sort of sap?! Don't you?!	I've never lied to you.  I've maybe let you believe things that you wanted to believe, but I've never lied.
I've never lied to you.  I've maybe let you believe things that you wanted to believe, but I've never lied.	Don't change the subject! I want you to tell me the truth about yourself.
Don't change the subject! I want you to tell me the truth about yourself.	Why are you suddenly so mad at me?
Why are you suddenly so mad at me?	You're not from Alaska!  Where'd you learn to dance like that?!  And there are no starving people, are there?!
You're not from Alaska!  Where'd you learn to dance like that?!  And there are no starving people, are there?!	You wanted to see me!
You wanted to see me!	Did you?
Did you?	Romeo and Juliet. I cried at the end.
Romeo and Juliet. I cried at the end.	What?
What?	Say something surprising. And funny. Lie, if need be.
Say something surprising. And funny. Lie, if need be.	Okay. All right.  And what do I say?
Okay. All right.  And what do I say?	Yeah.  Could be.  Go say hello, Romeo. Looks like a healthy non-mutant to me.
Yeah.  Could be.  Go say hello, Romeo. Looks like a healthy non-mutant to me.	Maybe. But that's how it works.
Maybe. But that's how it works.	That's ridiculous.
That's ridiculous.	Yes, really! Basically, they want what they think they can't have.  Same with guys.  That's why everybody is walking around here sending off "you can't have me" signals!
Yes, really! Basically, they want what they think they can't have.  Same with guys.  That's why everybody is walking around here sending off "you can't have me" signals!	Really?
Really?	What do I say to Miss Sweet when I meet her?
What do I say to Miss Sweet when I meet her?	Yeah, sweet.  That's a nice way of putting it.
Yeah, sweet.  That's a nice way of putting it.	Okay. I like that.
Okay. I like that.	How 'bout this one?
How 'bout this one?	Because we're bitches!  Look at her! Look at the expression on her face! The walk, the jewelry, the fingernails.  Please!
Because we're bitches!  Look at her! Look at the expression on her face! The walk, the jewelry, the fingernails.  Please!	Yes, I have a dictionary. But I can't understand for the life of me why you would call her that!  Or why Cliff would say that about you.
Yes, I have a dictionary. But I can't understand for the life of me why you would call her that!  Or why Cliff would say that about you.	Adam!  She's got bitch written all over her!  You do know what "bitch" means, don't you?
Adam!  She's got bitch written all over her!  You do know what "bitch" means, don't you?	Why?!  I think she's very attractive.
Why?!  I think she's very attractive.	No way.
No way.	What about her?
What about her?	It's a Rob Roy. A very popular drink, I'm told.
It's a Rob Roy. A very popular drink, I'm told.	What have you ordered?
What have you ordered?	And don't be so obvious!
And don't be so obvious!	I like her.
I like her.	Not that one!
Not that one!	I thought I was here to meet women.
I thought I was here to meet women.	Good-bye!
Good-bye!	Quit showing off!  We're here on business!
Quit showing off!  We're here on business!	Yes!
Yes!	Do I look crazy?
Do I look crazy?	No!  Not crazy!
No!  Not crazy!	Look unimpressed.
Look unimpressed.	My goodness gracious!  This place is something!
My goodness gracious!  This place is something!	Well...yeah. Okay.
Well...yeah. Okay.	Would you do it just because you're my friend? My very best friend.
Would you do it just because you're my friend? My very best friend.	Hey, screw you! Okay? You think I'm just somebody you can buy off! Listen, let me tell you something--
Hey, screw you! Okay? You think I'm just somebody you can buy off! Listen, let me tell you something--	Then just help me find a girlfriend! That's all I ask. I'll give you every single card I've got left!
Then just help me find a girlfriend! That's all I ask. I'll give you every single card I've got left!	Yes it is. A girlfriend maybe. But a wife? I mean...
Yes it is. A girlfriend maybe. But a wife? I mean...	No it's not!
No it's not!	Okay. But you know, this business of finding you a wife -- it's kind of ridiculous, don't you think?
Okay. But you know, this business of finding you a wife -- it's kind of ridiculous, don't you think?	I certainly do!
I certainly do!	Yeah? No kidding. Listen, you still want to go girl hunting tonight?
Yeah? No kidding. Listen, you still want to go girl hunting tonight?	Yep.  You know, my father -- who is a scientist -- says that everything is a miracle. Everything. Until recently I wasn 't sure what he meant by that.
Yep.  You know, my father -- who is a scientist -- says that everything is a miracle. Everything. Until recently I wasn 't sure what he meant by that.	Have you ever heard the saying, "He hasn't got enough sense to come in out of the rain?"
Have you ever heard the saying, "He hasn't got enough sense to come in out of the rain?"	Hey, Eve!
Hey, Eve!	Okay!
Okay!	He's going to kill himself.  Go skate out on the bike path! It's that way!
He's going to kill himself.  Go skate out on the bike path! It's that way!	It's fine. Just give it a try. And for gosh sake, Eve, take your foot off the chair!
It's fine. Just give it a try. And for gosh sake, Eve, take your foot off the chair!	What about holding your right arm up like that all the time?
What about holding your right arm up like that all the time?	Whatever you two want. If you've got the time, I've got the wazoo.
Whatever you two want. If you've got the time, I've got the wazoo.	Yeah.
Yeah.	About clothing?
About clothing?	That's boring!
That's boring!	The guy with the underpants!
The guy with the underpants!	Wazoo!  Try to listen.  Whataya think? Surfer, grunge, hip- hop, Euro trash?
Wazoo!  Try to listen.  Whataya think? Surfer, grunge, hip- hop, Euro trash?	The what?
The what?	So, what are you seeing?
So, what are you seeing?	All right.
All right.	Uh...yeah.
Uh...yeah.	May I please be excused?
May I please be excused?	No.  We keep it in the backyard.  Of course, in the house.  It's in there.
No.  We keep it in the backyard.  Of course, in the house.  It's in there.	In the house?
In the house?	Sure.
Sure.	He has a computer?
He has a computer?	He's gone to check your answers on his computer.
He's gone to check your answers on his computer.	Where's he gone?
Where's he gone?	Good for you.
Good for you.	Yeah, right!  That's where you'd go to find girls!  Nome.  He's gay, by the way.
Yeah, right!  That's where you'd go to find girls!  Nome.  He's gay, by the way.	Wow.
Wow.	You live in...Alaska.  The only way in or out of your place is by plane and... you've definitely come down here for food and supplies and... to find a wife!
You live in...Alaska.  The only way in or out of your place is by plane and... you've definitely come down here for food and supplies and... to find a wife!	Yes!
Yes!	I'm seeing...snow... lots of snow. Way up North.  Are we getting hot?
I'm seeing...snow... lots of snow. Way up North.  Are we getting hot?	Um-hum.
Um-hum.	Okay, let's see...I'm not promising anything. You okay?
Okay, let's see...I'm not promising anything. You okay?	Well, I know Mom sure likes 'em!
Well, I know Mom sure likes 'em!	I thought only hookers drank those things.
I thought only hookers drank those things.	Thank-Q!
Thank-Q!	Here you go.  One champagne cocktail.
Here you go.  One champagne cocktail.	What?!
What?!	Actually,no. I was wondering why Cliff likes to wear another man's underpants.
Actually,no. I was wondering why Cliff likes to wear another man's underpants.	He's a former boyfriend. We lived together for about six months.  And yes, I'll admit it.  I've still kind of got a thing for him.  That's what you wanted to know, isn't it?
He's a former boyfriend. We lived together for about six months.  And yes, I'll admit it.  I've still kind of got a thing for him.  That's what you wanted to know, isn't it?	Why, thank you!  Very nice to have met you, Cliff!  May I ask you a question?
Why, thank you!  Very nice to have met you, Cliff!  May I ask you a question?	I like it.
I like it.	Yes!
Yes!	Is this your house?
Is this your house?	I was wrong!!
I was wrong!!	You said it would be easy!
You said it would be easy!	Never drive again!
Never drive again!	I told you I've never driven before!
I told you I've never driven before!	You almost got us killed!
You almost got us killed!	Sorry!
Sorry!	Stop that ma'am crap!
Stop that ma'am crap!	Yes, ma'am!
Yes, ma'am!	Now, get out!!
Now, get out!!	The engine is still running.
The engine is still running.	Get out!
Get out!	Thank you.
Thank you.	Of course.
Of course.	Could we talk about that a little later?
Could we talk about that a little later?	That's what I was afraid of.
That's what I was afraid of.	Well, I could probably get you laid in two weeks, but to locate a non-mutant wife from Pasadena...that could take some time.
Well, I could probably get you laid in two weeks, but to locate a non-mutant wife from Pasadena...that could take some time.	Two weeks.
Two weeks.	When do you need her by?
When do you need her by?	And if possible, I'd like to marry someone from Pasadena.
And if possible, I'd like to marry someone from Pasadena.	No dogs, huh? Okay.
No dogs, huh? Okay.	One who's not a mutant.
One who's not a mutant.	I wouldn't know.  What kind of wife are you looking for?
I wouldn't know.  What kind of wife are you looking for?	It didn't used to be that way.
It didn't used to be that way.	Everybody's divorced.
Everybody's divorced.	They're all divorced?
They're all divorced?	Everybody knows that. Ask my divorced sisters. Or ask my divorced mom and dad.
Everybody knows that. Ask my divorced sisters. Or ask my divorced mom and dad.	I didn't know that.
I didn't know that.	Sure.
Sure.	It does?
It does?	The big one!
The big one!	Bites what?
Bites what?	You can be single and not alone. Marriage bites!
You can be single and not alone. Marriage bites!	I don't want to be alone.
I don't want to be alone.	Why?!
Why?!	Because I want to get married.
Because I want to get married.	What for?
What for?	Yes.
Yes.	A wife?
A wife?	Well... Okay. I would like you to help me find a...wife.
Well... Okay. I would like you to help me find a...wife.	Think of me as your genie.  Just ask.
Think of me as your genie.  Just ask.	This is for me.
This is for me.	No, no!  I'm sorry!  What is it?
No, no!  I'm sorry!  What is it?	Then forget it.
Then forget it.	Oh, I'm sure it will!
Oh, I'm sure it will!	Well, this is going to sound a little crazy.
Well, this is going to sound a little crazy.	Name it.
Name it.	There's something else I would like you to help me with.
There's something else I would like you to help me with.	Now, let's take the truck back and get something to eat.
Now, let's take the truck back and get something to eat.	Okay.
Okay.	Adam?  Don't even think about it. Okay? I'm sorry.  I know that sounds mean, but believe me, it would be meaner if I didn't say it. Okay?
Adam?  Don't even think about it. Okay? I'm sorry.  I know that sounds mean, but believe me, it would be meaner if I didn't say it. Okay?	And, um ...I guess... I guess you and I, uh...
And, um ...I guess... I guess you and I, uh...	Thank you.
Thank you.	You know, Eve -- don't get mad, okay? - -  but, I'd just be lost without you.
You know, Eve -- don't get mad, okay? - -  but, I'd just be lost without you.	No problem.  We'll just sell another baseball card.
No problem.  We'll just sell another baseball card.	I guess we'll need another locker.
I guess we'll need another locker.	It's your life.  And, by the way, it's a dandy.
It's your life.  And, by the way, it's a dandy.	We'll have to rent a refrigerated truck for the beef and poultry.
We'll have to rent a refrigerated truck for the beef and poultry.	Night!
Night!	Hey, you know. I was thinking...
Hey, you know. I was thinking...	Pick you up at eight tomorrow morning.
Pick you up at eight tomorrow morning.	Sorry.
Sorry.	Well, another day, another dollar.  Stop staring at me!!
Well, another day, another dollar.  Stop staring at me!!	What?
What?	Wait! Wait!
Wait! Wait!	Hey!  Pipe tobacco!  I'm going to need all of this! This is swell!
Hey!  Pipe tobacco!  I'm going to need all of this! This is swell!	Very funny, smart ass.
Very funny, smart ass.	My Mom and Dad.
My Mom and Dad.	Who are these people?
Who are these people?	They like Dr. Pepper.
They like Dr. Pepper.	Why not buy them milk or something-- instead of Dr. Pepper?
Why not buy them milk or something-- instead of Dr. Pepper?	Sure.
Sure.	You got it! Wait here while I change.
You got it! Wait here while I change.	I've got to make at least a thousand a week.
I've got to make at least a thousand a week.	What's fair?
What's fair?	What's the pay?
What's the pay?	Two weeks.
Two weeks.	How long would you need me?
How long would you need me?	Well, they're not starving yet, but they need help.
Well, they're not starving yet, but they need help.	Food and supplies?  Who for?  Like starving people?
Food and supplies?  Who for?  Like starving people?	Selling all my baseball cards. And helping me buy enough food and supplies to fill several large trucks.
Selling all my baseball cards. And helping me buy enough food and supplies to fill several large trucks.	Doing what?
Doing what?	Why not go to work for me?
Why not go to work for me?	It never works out because I'm into legs and butts and hair myself! That's why! So I wind up with guys who are very good looking, but even more shallow than I am, if you can picture that. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go find another low-paying, demeaning job where some guy named Jerry keeps telling me how lousy his marriage is.
It never works out because I'm into legs and butts and hair myself! That's why! So I wind up with guys who are very good looking, but even more shallow than I am, if you can picture that. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go find another low-paying, demeaning job where some guy named Jerry keeps telling me how lousy his marriage is.	...Okay.
...Okay.	Why?!  Who the hell knows?!
Why?!  Who the hell knows?!	Why does it never work out?  You and...men?
Why does it never work out?  You and...men?	What?
What?	Why doesn't it never work out?
Why doesn't it never work out?	See, ya.
See, ya.	Cross my heart and hope to die.
Cross my heart and hope to die.	Hey, no kidding?  In color?
Hey, no kidding?  In color?	Watching television in color.
Watching television in color.	The eyes.  Okay. An eye-man.  Anyhow, it never works out.  Okay?  Not that you even need to know that!  You look like crap, by the way.  What have you been doing?
The eyes.  Okay. An eye-man.  Anyhow, it never works out.  Okay?  Not that you even need to know that!  You look like crap, by the way.  What have you been doing?	I think it's the eyes.
I think it's the eyes.	Oh, stop that!  God! Listen, I know you like me.  I can tell. But you know what? A lot of guys like me.  Not me, exactly. It's more like the legs or the butt or the hair.  Or some combination of the above.
Oh, stop that!  God! Listen, I know you like me.  I can tell. But you know what? A lot of guys like me.  Not me, exactly. It's more like the legs or the butt or the hair.  Or some combination of the above.	Thank-Q!
Thank-Q!	No.
No.	Troy? Is he your husband? Or a boyfriend?
Troy? Is he your husband? Or a boyfriend?	Okay!  Damn!
Okay!  Damn!	Can't you please just talk to me for one second?
Can't you please just talk to me for one second?	I knew this would happen!  You're like a lost puppy!
I knew this would happen!  You're like a lost puppy!	Please don't follow me.  Don't do it!
Please don't follow me.  Don't do it!	Wait, Eve, please!  Wait.
Wait, Eve, please!  Wait.	Oh. Okay. Well, so long. Enjoy your visit.
Oh. Okay. Well, so long. Enjoy your visit.	I haven't brushed yet.
I haven't brushed yet.	Why are you doing that?
Why are you doing that?	Okay.
Okay.	Take it. damn it!
Take it. damn it!	I can't, it's yours.
I can't, it's yours.	Okay, down boy.  I can't take this for driving you home. I wish I could, but I can't. So here, take it back. I could have just left it for you at the desk, but it's very valuable. Now take it.
Okay, down boy.  I can't take this for driving you home. I wish I could, but I can't. So here, take it back. I could have just left it for you at the desk, but it's very valuable. Now take it.	I am so glad to see you!!  I thought I'd never see you again!
I am so glad to see you!!  I thought I'd never see you again!	Right.
Right.	Yeah, same here. Don't forget your suitcase.
Yeah, same here. Don't forget your suitcase.	That was...wonderful!  I've never felt anything like that in my life.
That was...wonderful!  I've never felt anything like that in my life.	I can't help it. Perry Como always does this to me! I just get so cranked!
I can't help it. Perry Como always does this to me! I just get so cranked!	Gee-zooie!!  You better slow down!!!
Gee-zooie!!  You better slow down!!!	I know a short-cut.
I know a short-cut.	Hey, what are you doing?!
Hey, what are you doing?!	You are one scary son-of-a-gun.
You are one scary son-of-a-gun.	Yeah! Listen to this part. This is where it really takes off!
Yeah! Listen to this part. This is where it really takes off!	Over this?
Over this?	Oh, I could die...
Oh, I could die...	How's that?
How's that?	Okay, okay!  Take it easy!
Okay, okay!  Take it easy!	Perry Como!  You had him!  Go back! Go back!
Perry Como!  You had him!  Go back! Go back!	Perry?
Perry?	It's Perry!
It's Perry!	What is it?!
What is it?!	Wait!  Wait!
Wait!  Wait!	Mind if I change the station? Better traffic reports on AM.
Mind if I change the station? Better traffic reports on AM.	It's Webber.  Adam Webber.
It's Webber.  Adam Webber.	So...Mister Andretti, your first time on the freeway?
So...Mister Andretti, your first time on the freeway?	Okay.  What the hell?  You got a deal. Get in.
Okay.  What the hell?  You got a deal. Get in.	Heck, no!  What?!
Heck, no!  What?!	I don't have to take a physical in your space ship?
I don't have to take a physical in your space ship?	Yes.
Yes.	And that's it?
And that's it?	Yes.
Yes.	So for four thousand dollars, all I have to do is drive you to your hotel?
So for four thousand dollars, all I have to do is drive you to your hotel?	So what?!  I've got two of him!  And this many DiMaggios and Robinsons. I was holding these out, too.
So what?!  I've got two of him!  And this many DiMaggios and Robinsons. I was holding these out, too.	Rogers Hornsby's worth like four thousand dollars!
Rogers Hornsby's worth like four thousand dollars!	He's all yours. I was holding him back.
He's all yours. I was holding him back.	Rogers Hornsby?!?
Rogers Hornsby?!?	Wait! Please wait!  I'll make a deal with you!  I'll give you a Rogers Hornsby, if you'll take me to the hotel!
Wait! Please wait!  I'll make a deal with you!  I'll give you a Rogers Hornsby, if you'll take me to the hotel!	Get away from me!!
Get away from me!!	I'm sorry!  I said something wrong, didn't I!  Please forgive me!
I'm sorry!  I said something wrong, didn't I!  Please forgive me!	Well, that changes everything. Get the fuck away from me!!  I mean it!!
Well, that changes everything. Get the fuck away from me!!  I mean it!!	Nope.
Nope.	You don't?
You don't?	If it will make you feel any better, I don't have a gun.
If it will make you feel any better, I don't have a gun.	I'm not taking you there, Sweetie. Rule Number One in North America: No strangers in the car.
I'm not taking you there, Sweetie. Rule Number One in North America: No strangers in the car.	Do you own a car?
Do you own a car?	Yeah. Thanks. Anyhow, let me predict a bus for you to get on.
Yeah. Thanks. Anyhow, let me predict a bus for you to get on.	It was amazing.
It was amazing.	See? I'm psychic. Not completely, but pretty much. That was pretty good, wasn't it?!
See? I'm psychic. Not completely, but pretty much. That was pretty good, wasn't it?!	Yes! Yes! The Holiday Inn! That's exactly right!
Yes! Yes! The Holiday Inn! That's exactly right!	Where are you staying? The Holiday Inn?
Where are you staying? The Holiday Inn?	Again.
Again.	I knew it! So anyhow, you get on a bus and before you know it, you're out here in the San Fernando Valley without a clue.  Which brings us to here.  Correct again?
I knew it! So anyhow, you get on a bus and before you know it, you're out here in the San Fernando Valley without a clue.  Which brings us to here.  Correct again?	Right.
Right.	Yes, I'm right?
Yes, I'm right?	So far?
So far?	Let me guess something. This is your first visit to La La Land. You're staying somewhere over in Hollywood because, like an idiot, you thought that would be an exciting place to stay.  Right so far?
Let me guess something. This is your first visit to La La Land. You're staying somewhere over in Hollywood because, like an idiot, you thought that would be an exciting place to stay.  Right so far?	Oh, that's nice.
Oh, that's nice.	Well, I guess because I'm a little psychic...I have this thing.
Well, I guess because I'm a little psychic...I have this thing.	I don't know. Why doesn't it?
I don't know. Why doesn't it?	Why doesn't that surprise me?
Why doesn't that surprise me?	I came on a bus.
I came on a bus.	Here, pick these up!
Here, pick these up!	I just had a mental picture of...
I just had a mental picture of...	What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you?	A walking penis capable of intelligent speech.  A dickhead.
A walking penis capable of intelligent speech.  A dickhead.	Dickhead?
Dickhead?	Forget it.  I'm sick of working for that dickhead.
Forget it.  I'm sick of working for that dickhead.	Say,...did you just lose your job because of me?
Say,...did you just lose your job because of me?	You're lost?
You're lost?	No, I'm lost.
No, I'm lost.	We? I'm going home. And, judging by that coat, I'd say you have to get back to the barber college.
We? I'm going home. And, judging by that coat, I'd say you have to get back to the barber college.	Where are we going?
Where are we going?	Yes, ma'am.  But my name is Adam.
Yes, ma'am.  But my name is Adam.	Come on, Heathcliff, I'll walk you to the corner.
Come on, Heathcliff, I'll walk you to the corner.	No, you get out of here.
No, you get out of here.	Get out of here!
Get out of here!	Well, your business must not be sports memorabilia, because this one Mantle card right here--  --is worth six thousand dollars all by its little self.
Well, your business must not be sports memorabilia, because this one Mantle card right here--  --is worth six thousand dollars all by its little self.	No.  I'm from out of town.  I'm here on business.
No.  I'm from out of town.  I'm here on business.	Are you French?
Are you French?	Bon soir, mademoiselle!
Bon soir, mademoiselle!	Of course!
Of course!	Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.	A card?
A card?	Fill this out please. And I'll need a card.
Fill this out please. And I'll need a card.	Good evening. I want to stay at this hotel.
Good evening. I want to stay at this hotel.	Nothing.
Nothing.	What?
What?	Is this because of the radiation?
Is this because of the radiation?	Gee-ma-nee!
Gee-ma-nee!	Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.	Is that a birthday cake?!
Is that a birthday cake?!	Archbishop Melker. We met earlier.
Archbishop Melker. We met earlier.	I've got almost everything we need! And this nice man...
I've got almost everything we need! And this nice man...	I promise.
I promise.	The front door is open.  Will you be back?
The front door is open.  Will you be back?	How do I leave here?
How do I leave here?	No. I don't need money anymore -- I see that now.
No. I don't need money anymore -- I see that now.	That's always a good idea! Would you like some money? I have a great deal of it.
That's always a good idea! Would you like some money? I have a great deal of it.	Of course you do.  I'll stay here and pray.
Of course you do.  I'll stay here and pray.	I've got to go, now.
I've got to go, now.	Yes.
Yes.	I know it has been terrible.  But it wasn't your fault. And now all the decay is over with and things are going to get better. You understand?
I know it has been terrible.  But it wasn't your fault. And now all the decay is over with and things are going to get better. You understand?	Ooooohhhh!!  Of course! The father! Forgive me!!  Can you forgive me for my wasted life?!  Everything has been so awful!!
Ooooohhhh!!  Of course! The father! Forgive me!!  Can you forgive me for my wasted life?!  Everything has been so awful!!	All in yellow?  Oh!  That was my father!
All in yellow?  Oh!  That was my father!	Yes!  Yes!  Oh, Lord!  Yes, oh, yes! But  where is the one who came last night -- all in yellow?!
Yes!  Yes!  Oh, Lord!  Yes, oh, yes! But  where is the one who came last night -- all in yellow?!	Are you all right?
Are you all right?	Hah!!! Those cagey rascals! Those sly dissemblers! Those, uh...  They've finally pulled the wool over everybody's eyes!
Hah!!! Those cagey rascals! Those sly dissemblers! Those, uh...  They've finally pulled the wool over everybody's eyes!	Uh, I think they have.
Uh, I think they have.	My gosh, those Commies are brilliant! You've got to hand it to 'em!  "No, we didn't drop any bombs!  Oh yes, our evil empire has collapsed!  Poor, poor us!"  I bet they've even asked the West for aid!  Right?!
My gosh, those Commies are brilliant! You've got to hand it to 'em!  "No, we didn't drop any bombs!  Oh yes, our evil empire has collapsed!  Poor, poor us!"  I bet they've even asked the West for aid!  Right?!	Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.	Yes. That's kind of how it was.
Yes. That's kind of how it was.	What? Did the politburo just one day say - "We give up?"
What? Did the politburo just one day say - "We give up?"	Yes, sir. It's true.
Yes, sir. It's true.	That's what everybody believes?
That's what everybody believes?	Positive. The Soviet Union collapsed without a shot being fired. The Cold War is over.
Positive. The Soviet Union collapsed without a shot being fired. The Cold War is over.	You're sure?
You're sure?	Dad, I don't know how to tell you this. And I was going to wait a while, but I think...Dad,there was no bomb. A plane crashed into our backyard. I looked it up in old newspapers.
Dad, I don't know how to tell you this. And I was going to wait a while, but I think...Dad,there was no bomb. A plane crashed into our backyard. I looked it up in old newspapers.	Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.	It's Ukrainian. Her grandparents immigrated here.
It's Ukrainian. Her grandparents immigrated here.	This is great son, just great. By the way, Eve's last name. Rus-to-kov, that's not Russian, is it?
This is great son, just great. By the way, Eve's last name. Rus-to-kov, that's not Russian, is it?	Well, in that case...of course, son.
Well, in that case...of course, son.	And, I'm asking you to trust me without understanding why.
And, I'm asking you to trust me without understanding why.	But, I don't understand.
But, I don't understand.	I'll try.
I'll try.	One more thing. If you find a healthy young woman, bring her back with you.
One more thing. If you find a healthy young woman, bring her back with you.	I promise. Is that all?
I promise. Is that all?	Poison gas. Invisible. Don't forget.
Poison gas. Invisible. Don't forget.	Adult Bookstore.  Why?
Adult Bookstore.  Why?	Also...stay out of the "Adult Bookstore."
Also...stay out of the "Adult Bookstore."	Yes, sir.  Is that all?
Yes, sir.  Is that all?	...the pipe tobacco.
...the pipe tobacco.	Yes, father?! Yes?
Yes, father?! Yes?	Adam...don't forget...don't forget ...
Adam...don't forget...don't forget ...	Merci!
Merci!	C'est bon, Monsieur.
C'est bon, Monsieur.	Shit is a French word?
Shit is a French word?	Helen-Thomas-Webber!  Maybe we have been down here a little too long!  Please excuse her French.
Helen-Thomas-Webber!  Maybe we have been down here a little too long!  Please excuse her French.	No, son! We wait for night.  Now...is precisely when... we must be at our... most cautious.
No, son! We wait for night.  Now...is precisely when... we must be at our... most cautious.	Well, do we just go on up?!
Well, do we just go on up?!	These are really swell! I mean swell!
These are really swell! I mean swell!	Your roller-skates! I redesigned them! I think this new design will work even better!
Your roller-skates! I redesigned them! I think this new design will work even better!	Holy Cow! What the heck are these?!
Holy Cow! What the heck are these?!	No kidding!
No kidding!	Your mom made that all by herself.
Your mom made that all by herself.	Oh, boy! A jacket!
Oh, boy! A jacket!	Blow out the candles!
Blow out the candles!	Thank you, Mom! Thanks, Dad!
Thank you, Mom! Thanks, Dad!	Because he must!
Because he must!	Then why go there?
Then why go there?	Because he's forced out at third! It's a force!
Because he's forced out at third! It's a force!	Why?
Why?	No, no! The runner on second goes to third! He's out there!
No, no! The runner on second goes to third! He's out there!	No. Sit down.
No. Sit down.	The nocturnal flying mammal?
The nocturnal flying mammal?	Uh, no. There's a man who throws the ball -- to a man who has a bat.
Uh, no. There's a man who throws the ball -- to a man who has a bat.	Like one of Mom's?
Like one of Mom's?	No, son. A pitcher.
No, son. A pitcher.	Like a painting?
Like a painting?	It's a game, son. I can explain it pretty easily. There's a pitcher.
It's a game, son. I can explain it pretty easily. There's a pitcher.	What's baseball?
What's baseball?	It's my entire baseball collection. It's yours now.
It's my entire baseball collection. It's yours now.	These are wonderful.
These are wonderful.	You know, you have a wonderful sense of humor, son!  I must say, the acorn doesn't fall very far from the tree. By the way, it's time I gave you something. Come with me.
You know, you have a wonderful sense of humor, son!  I must say, the acorn doesn't fall very far from the tree. By the way, it's time I gave you something. Come with me.	Haben sie etuas nettes in leder?!
Haben sie etuas nettes in leder?!	Sorgen sie bitte dafur das die gepack sorgfaltic behandeldt warren!
Sorgen sie bitte dafur das die gepack sorgfaltic behandeldt warren!	Gerade aus dann links!
Gerade aus dann links!	En arte voluptus. Que les bons temps roul!
En arte voluptus. Que les bons temps roul!	Tempus fugit!
Tempus fugit!	You're right!  It's Tuesday already! By gosh, time flies, doesn't it?!
You're right!  It's Tuesday already! By gosh, time flies, doesn't it?!	Latin exam, Dad.  It's Tuesday.
Latin exam, Dad.  It's Tuesday.	Sure. Now, let's move on to our French exam.
Sure. Now, let's move on to our French exam.	They're pretty.  Can I have them?
They're pretty.  Can I have them?	This is what money looks like.  It comes like this, in coin, or like this in paper.  Or you can have an "investment."  These are stock "certificates" that we bought in your name.  Of course, they're worthless now, but at one time they were quite valuable.
This is what money looks like.  It comes like this, in coin, or like this in paper.  Or you can have an "investment."  These are stock "certificates" that we bought in your name.  Of course, they're worthless now, but at one time they were quite valuable.	What?
What?	And thanks for always being happy!
And thanks for always being happy!	Bye, Adam!
Bye, Adam!	Bye, Troy!
Bye, Troy!	Goodbye.
Goodbye.	Good-bye, Adam.
Good-bye, Adam.	Yeah...Seems to.
Yeah...Seems to.	Does that work?
Does that work?	I know what you mean!  I usually wear a big hat and dark glasses.
I know what you mean!  I usually wear a big hat and dark glasses.	No, I wouldn't go in one of those places with a gas mask on.
No, I wouldn't go in one of those places with a gas mask on.	A magazine?  A toy perhaps?  In the bookstore.
A magazine?  A toy perhaps?  In the bookstore.	What?
What?	So, did you buy a movie?
So, did you buy a movie?	You bet!
You bet!	How 'bout we check with Eve first?
How 'bout we check with Eve first?	Okay, Troy!  Let's get those all-beef frozen patties!
Okay, Troy!  Let's get those all-beef frozen patties!	No!  There's an Adult Bookstore back there!  I'll be right back!
No!  There's an Adult Bookstore back there!  I'll be right back!	I'm sorry. I took the Lord's name in vain again, didn't I?  I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry. I took the Lord's name in vain again, didn't I?  I'm so sorry.	Okay. Thank you, my friends.
Okay. Thank you, my friends.	Yes! Lying is always a very effective dating tool.
Yes! Lying is always a very effective dating tool.	Ladies first, Troy! That was close.
Ladies first, Troy! That was close.	What?!
What?!	Oh. I see.
Oh. I see.	Miss Rustokov refuses to let total strangers drive her car.
Miss Rustokov refuses to let total strangers drive her car.	Why did you park way back there?
Why did you park way back there?	I LOVE THIS!!
I LOVE THIS!!	That's why little things mean so much to him.
That's why little things mean so much to him.	Amazing. I'm very impressed.
Amazing. I'm very impressed.	The recovery? Oh , yeah! Hey, they rebuilt the freeway in six months.
The recovery? Oh , yeah! Hey, they rebuilt the freeway in six months.	The recovery is very impressive.
The recovery is very impressive.	Almost all of them.
Almost all of them.	I guess a lot of those tall buildings we saw this morning are new.
I guess a lot of those tall buildings we saw this morning are new.	No.
No.	Isn't it a little tiring to sit up straight like that?
Isn't it a little tiring to sit up straight like that?	Okay.
Okay.	I just don't want to.
I just don't want to.	Why not? He has great pants.
Why not? He has great pants.	I'm not wearing his pants.
I'm not wearing his pants.	Not on him.
Not on him.	True.
True.	...I guess it's...just a matter of personal taste.
...I guess it's...just a matter of personal taste.	Well, I think Windows stink. What do you think of that?
Well, I think Windows stink. What do you think of that?	Yes. He likes windows.
Yes. He likes windows.	He's a Windows guy then, huh?
He's a Windows guy then, huh?	Oh, yes.  It would probably kill him.
Oh, yes.  It would probably kill him.	Yeah?
Yeah?	That would knock my father out.
That would knock my father out.	Okay, maybe she is psychic.  Let's go eat!
Okay, maybe she is psychic.  Let's go eat!	Mt. McKinley.  It's also the highest point in North America.
Mt. McKinley.  It's also the highest point in North America.	How do you get through those winters?  Well, you're right.  Juneau.  What's the highest peak?
How do you get through those winters?  Well, you're right.  Juneau.  What's the highest peak?	No.
No.	You don't have a computer in your cabin?
You don't have a computer in your cabin?	I don't think so.
I don't think so.	What are you talking about? This is the new Mac. You a hacker?
What are you talking about? This is the new Mac. You a hacker?	It's so small.
It's so small.	Yeah.
Yeah.	This must be very new.
This must be very new.	Sorry, that's the largest city.
Sorry, that's the largest city.	Hello! It's Anchorage!  Gotcha!
Hello! It's Anchorage!  Gotcha!	Juneau.
Juneau.	What's the capitol?
What's the capitol?	1867.  Seward's Folly. We paid 7.2 million dollars for it. A tidy sum then, as well as now. I'm quoting my father, of course.
1867.  Seward's Folly. We paid 7.2 million dollars for it. A tidy sum then, as well as now. I'm quoting my father, of course.	When did we get it from them?
When did we get it from them?	Russia.
Russia.	Who use to own it?
Who use to own it?	1959.
1959.	Well, we try. Listen, let me just ask you a few questions.  When did Alaska become a state?
Well, we try. Listen, let me just ask you a few questions.  When did Alaska become a state?	Why not just go to... Nome for supplies and a wife?  Isn't that closer?
Why not just go to... Nome for supplies and a wife?  Isn't that closer?	I've got goose-bumps all over me.
I've got goose-bumps all over me.	She's right?!
She's right?!	I've never met anyone like you in my life.
I've never met anyone like you in my life.	That's right?
That's right?	Well, Dionne Warwick, guess his home town.
Well, Dionne Warwick, guess his home town.	Right on the button.
Right on the button.	Really?  Since when?
Really?  Since when?	Maybe Eve can guess.  She's psychic.
Maybe Eve can guess.  She's psychic.	And it's called...?
And it's called...?	It's a very small place. People don't even know it's there.
It's a very small place. People don't even know it's there.	You nut!
You nut!	I love Lucy!
I love Lucy!	Well, I hope you like these! Fresh sea urchin wrapped in seaweed. Or "nori" if you prefer. I love sushi.
Well, I hope you like these! Fresh sea urchin wrapped in seaweed. Or "nori" if you prefer. I love sushi.	Not particularly.
Not particularly.	I do? Well, thank you! You like ceilings?
I do? Well, thank you! You like ceilings?	You have very nice ceilings.
You have very nice ceilings.	Goodnight.
Goodnight.	Yes. Up here on the fifteenth floor. Goodnight.
Yes. Up here on the fifteenth floor. Goodnight.	Up here on the fifteenth floor?
Up here on the fifteenth floor?	I guess living up here makes people look older.
I guess living up here makes people look older.	Twenty-five? Around there.
Twenty-five? Around there.	How old do I look?
How old do I look?	You don't look thirty-five.
You don't look thirty-five.	Thirty-five.
Thirty-five.	How old are you?
How old are you?	Good night!  Sleep tight.  Don't let the bedbugs bite!  That's what my Mom always says...  ...who I'm really beginning to miss. I'm sorry.  It's my first night away from home.
Good night!  Sleep tight.  Don't let the bedbugs bite!  That's what my Mom always says...  ...who I'm really beginning to miss. I'm sorry.  It's my first night away from home.	No kiddin'. Well...good night.
No kiddin'. Well...good night.	My father is a genius.
My father is a genius.	Thank you. Your father is a smart guy.
Thank you. Your father is a smart guy.	I see.  Well, thank you very much. You've been very, very nice.
I see.  Well, thank you very much. You've been very, very nice.	The hotel.
The hotel.	Of what?
Of what?	You dial nine to get out.
You dial nine to get out.	Just look!!
Just look!!	I don't see anything!
I don't see anything!	Up there!!
Up there!!	The sky?  Where?
The sky?  Where?	The sky!!!
The sky!!!	What?  What is it?!
What?  What is it?!	Gladly.
Gladly.	Well, that's great then! Terrific...except...it just occurred to me. I don't know where I live! I'm lost! I don't know where home is!  Would you excuse me?
Well, that's great then! Terrific...except...it just occurred to me. I don't know where I live! I'm lost! I don't know where home is!  Would you excuse me?	Sure.
Sure.	You could have a meat order that big delivered to your home.
You could have a meat order that big delivered to your home.	Then I'll need, twelve into nine hundred, seventy-five boxes. And that's almost...five hundred dollars just for the hamburger! And my Mom only gave me three thousand dollars for everything! The yacht batteries! The diesel oil! The birthday candles!
Then I'll need, twelve into nine hundred, seventy-five boxes. And that's almost...five hundred dollars just for the hamburger! And my Mom only gave me three thousand dollars for everything! The yacht batteries! The diesel oil! The birthday candles!	Frozen, they're six-thirty a dozen in the three pound box.
Frozen, they're six-thirty a dozen in the three pound box.	Come on. Frozen. How much are they?
Come on. Frozen. How much are they?	Yes, please.  I'm looking for all beef patties.
Yes, please.  I'm looking for all beef patties.	Help you?
Help you?	Good!
Good!	I do alright.
I do alright.	How do you do, ma'am.
How do you do, ma'am.	Say what?!
Say what?!	Oh, my holy stars! A Negro!
Oh, my holy stars! A Negro!	Whatcha looking at?
Whatcha looking at?	Hey, smart ass, how 'bout I kick your butt?
Hey, smart ass, how 'bout I kick your butt?	I didn't want to leave without saying how much I admire your jewelry.
I didn't want to leave without saying how much I admire your jewelry.	Oh, you got a problem with that?
Oh, you got a problem with that?	Sir? I would really appreciate it if you wouldn't take the Lord's name in vain again.
Sir? I would really appreciate it if you wouldn't take the Lord's name in vain again.	Well, we're here to help!
Well, we're here to help!	Oh, that would be wonderful!
Oh, that would be wonderful!	I see what ya mean. Tell you what...I'll give you five hundred dollars in small bills for the whole box.
I see what ya mean. Tell you what...I'll give you five hundred dollars in small bills for the whole box.	See, my problem is, all I have are hundred dollar bills and I need something smaller.  Ones, fives, tens. Like that.
See, my problem is, all I have are hundred dollar bills and I need something smaller.  Ones, fives, tens. Like that.	Really? No kidding?
Really? No kidding?	I was thinking of selling all the cards.
I was thinking of selling all the cards.	How--how much do you want for the Mickey Mantle, rookie season?
How--how much do you want for the Mickey Mantle, rookie season?	Hi.
Hi.	Hello.
Hello.	Yes.
Yes.	No.
No.	Eve and I...eloped.  We're married.
Eve and I...eloped.  We're married.	Well, where are you --
Well, where are you --	No, Mom, I've turned it into Dad's office.
No, Mom, I've turned it into Dad's office.	This is your bedroom?
This is your bedroom?	No, wait! At least stay for dinner!
No, wait! At least stay for dinner!	We have to go.
We have to go.	I can't explain it now.  But I want you to set the locks for two months. You have more than enough of everything.  Then we'll be back to get you.
I can't explain it now.  But I want you to set the locks for two months. You have more than enough of everything.  Then we'll be back to get you.	What?
What?	Mom?  Eve and I have to go.
Mom?  Eve and I have to go.	A psychiatrist?!
A psychiatrist?!	I think I'm being chased by a psychiatrist.
I think I'm being chased by a psychiatrist.	Are you in trouble, son?!
Are you in trouble, son?!	...and his church group have volunteered to help us bring the supplies down.  But we've got to hurry.
...and his church group have volunteered to help us bring the supplies down.  But we've got to hurry.	Heck, I know that mom! You're my parents.
Heck, I know that mom! You're my parents.	Your father has a few final words for you. You know, he'd fight a buzz saw for you - he loves you so much. We both do.
Your father has a few final words for you. You know, he'd fight a buzz saw for you - he loves you so much. We both do.	Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.	Here's the shopping list and $3,000 which should take care of everything.
Here's the shopping list and $3,000 which should take care of everything.	Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.	Oh, Adam,that would be wonderful if you could find a girl. One who's not a mutant...and hopefully comes from Pasadena. Nothing against Valley girls, but in my day anyhow, the girls from Pasadena, I don't know...always just seemed a little nicer.
Oh, Adam,that would be wonderful if you could find a girl. One who's not a mutant...and hopefully comes from Pasadena. Nothing against Valley girls, but in my day anyhow, the girls from Pasadena, I don't know...always just seemed a little nicer.	I was thinking that, uh...you know, while I was up there and all...that maybe I could, you know...try to meet a girl.  I've, been thinking about that a little...just these last...fifteen years or so.
I was thinking that, uh...you know, while I was up there and all...that maybe I could, you know...try to meet a girl.  I've, been thinking about that a little...just these last...fifteen years or so.	Yes?
Yes?	Mom?
Mom?	I just hope this is still good up there.
I just hope this is still good up there.	Right.
Right.	Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.	I don't know how far you'll have to travel to find supplies, but if you can't get home by nightfall, I want you to look for something called a Holiday Inn. Write that down. It's a hotel. There might still be one standing.
I don't know how far you'll have to travel to find supplies, but if you can't get home by nightfall, I want you to look for something called a Holiday Inn. Write that down. It's a hotel. There might still be one standing.	You're my brave boy.
You're my brave boy.	I'll be all right.
I'll be all right.	I'm afraid you've got to.
I'm afraid you've got to.	I'll go up.
I'll go up.	He seems to be doing all right now.  I don't know if he's had a heart attack or just... a horrifying experience. But we  need supplies and I've got to stay with him.
He seems to be doing all right now.  I don't know if he's had a heart attack or just... a horrifying experience. But we  need supplies and I've got to stay with him.	Oh, no! Oh, my goodness!   Let's get him into the bedroom.
Oh, no! Oh, my goodness!   Let's get him into the bedroom.	Dad!
Dad!	You never know. You may someday dine at the White House with the president.
You never know. You may someday dine at the White House with the president.	Sorry, Mom!
Sorry, Mom!	Elbows, Son.
Elbows, Son.	Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.	Oh. A nice one, I hope.
Oh. A nice one, I hope.	Let's all remain calm. That's the key thing.
Let's all remain calm. That's the key thing.	I was frightened and I didn't know what to think! But you know-I believe him. I think he just wants to go home. Wherever the hell that is...
I was frightened and I didn't know what to think! But you know-I believe him. I think he just wants to go home. Wherever the hell that is...	And now you must let me be the judge of that!
And now you must let me be the judge of that!	You know, I don't think so. I'm confused but you know, I don't think he'd ever hurt me. I don't think he'd hurt anyone.
You know, I don't think so. I'm confused but you know, I don't think he'd ever hurt me. I don't think he'd hurt anyone.	Calm down, please. This man needs help and you need protection from him. That's obvious.
Calm down, please. This man needs help and you need protection from him. That's obvious.	No, I can't have that! They'll come with their cars and their guns and their handcuffs--
No, I can't have that! They'll come with their cars and their guns and their handcuffs--	I have to. If a complaint is made and the person resists obser--
I have to. If a complaint is made and the person resists obser--	No!  Not the police!  Don't call them!
No!  Not the police!  Don't call them!	He'll catch him.  Hi. This is Nina Aron.  I've got a run away and I'm going to need police assistance.
He'll catch him.  Hi. This is Nina Aron.  I've got a run away and I'm going to need police assistance.	Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!	Yeah.
Yeah.	Good god.
Good god.	Yeah.
Yeah.	He drank it hot?
He drank it hot?	The neighbors over there said the guy spent day and night out here. She'd bring him sandwiches and hot Dr. Pepper.
The neighbors over there said the guy spent day and night out here. She'd bring him sandwiches and hot Dr. Pepper.	All back East.
All back East.	What about relatives?
What about relatives?	Unless we get a postcard or somethin', that's my guess.
Unless we get a postcard or somethin', that's my guess.	Well, he and Mrs. Nutcase must have been out here when the plane hit.
Well, he and Mrs. Nutcase must have been out here when the plane hit.	According to Caltech, this Webber guy was a bonafide genius and a borderline nutcase.
According to Caltech, this Webber guy was a bonafide genius and a borderline nutcase.	No, I can't.  I'm sorry!  I have to go!  I have to...
No, I can't.  I'm sorry!  I have to go!  I have to...	Uh-huh. And it's all yours for the remarkably low price of only $200! And if you act now, I might even throw in some free lawn furniture.
Uh-huh. And it's all yours for the remarkably low price of only $200! And if you act now, I might even throw in some free lawn furniture.	Really?
Really?	Cute Little Old Man, if you want a boy, I can be a boy.  And if you want a girl, I can be a girl.  I can be anything you want me to be!
Cute Little Old Man, if you want a boy, I can be a boy.  And if you want a girl, I can be a girl.  I can be anything you want me to be!	Yes, I can tell that just looking around.  "Boy?"  Did you say you were a "country boy?"
Yes, I can tell that just looking around.  "Boy?"  Did you say you were a "country boy?"	"Hell up here?"  Honey, it's been hell up here, down there and over yonder! Hell everywhere.
"Hell up here?"  Honey, it's been hell up here, down there and over yonder! Hell everywhere.	Yes, yes, the song.  So tell me...has it been...hell up here?
Yes, yes, the song.  So tell me...has it been...hell up here?	The blast?  Honey, I have survived a host of things. Like the song says: "A country boy can survive!"
The blast?  Honey, I have survived a host of things. Like the song says: "A country boy can survive!"	So...you...survived the blast, did you?
So...you...survived the blast, did you?	Good.
Good.	What?!  A light!  Yes, I've got a light!
What?!  A light!  Yes, I've got a light!	You got a light, honey?
You got a light, honey?	What can I offer you, Eve?
What can I offer you, Eve?	Some time.
Some time.	Well, please excuse us!  We...we haven't entertained a guest in...um...
Well, please excuse us!  We...we haven't entertained a guest in...um...	To keep what's up there from getting down here! It's not the radiation I'm worried about.
To keep what's up there from getting down here! It's not the radiation I'm worried about.	Well, that's...considerably shorter than before.  I was wondering, Calvin, why set the locks at all.  I mean the radiation is gone and...
Well, that's...considerably shorter than before.  I was wondering, Calvin, why set the locks at all.  I mean the radiation is gone and...	I thought ten years.
I thought ten years.	How long will you set it for this time?
How long will you set it for this time?	Amen.
Amen.	And Lord we ask finally that you send an angel to look after and protect our beloved son, Adam.  Amen.
And Lord we ask finally that you send an angel to look after and protect our beloved son, Adam.  Amen.	Yes, dear, I know.
Yes, dear, I know.	He's smart.
He's smart.	--do as I say!
--do as I say!	And the ocean!  A mountain range!
And the ocean!  A mountain range!	--and we will--
--and we will--	I want him to at least see the sky!
I want him to at least see the sky!	Well, I am the head of this household--
Well, I am the head of this household--	No, Calvin.  We're not going to make do.  Not me!  Not Adam.  We're going up no matter what!  We deserve it. Even if it's terrible!
No, Calvin.  We're not going to make do.  Not me!  Not Adam.  We're going up no matter what!  We deserve it. Even if it's terrible!	We'll make do.  I'm of the opinion that these mutants will eventually kill each other off and then--
We'll make do.  I'm of the opinion that these mutants will eventually kill each other off and then--	For how long?  We've just about run out of everything!
For how long?  We've just about run out of everything!	Excuse me.
Excuse me.	Yes.
Yes.	We do?
We do?	We stay down here.
We stay down here.	Oh my. Oh,my, oh my, oh, my. So, what do we do now?
Oh my. Oh,my, oh my, oh, my. So, what do we do now?	They've done a lot of re-building but society, at least as we knew it, has utterly collapsed. People throw up in the streets. Others point guns. There's something terribly wrong with the automobiles and...and I...I can't tell you the rest.  I just can't.
They've done a lot of re-building but society, at least as we knew it, has utterly collapsed. People throw up in the streets. Others point guns. There's something terribly wrong with the automobiles and...and I...I can't tell you the rest.  I just can't.	I don't believe it!
I don't believe it!	Yes.
Yes.	No.
No.	Others are...multi-sexual.  It seems...they can be both masculine and feminine...simultaneously.
Others are...multi-sexual.  It seems...they can be both masculine and feminine...simultaneously.	It's not a pretty sight. Some eat out of garbage cans.  Others are...cover your ears, Son, and hum.  I mean that literally and I mean right now!
It's not a pretty sight. Some eat out of garbage cans.  Others are...cover your ears, Son, and hum.  I mean that literally and I mean right now!	Mutants?!
Mutants?!	I'm going to give it to you straight. There's no point in beating around the bush. There were survivors. Apparently, the fallout has created....a subspecies of mutants.
I'm going to give it to you straight. There's no point in beating around the bush. There were survivors. Apparently, the fallout has created....a subspecies of mutants.	Yes! That's right!
Yes! That's right!	It's an archaic colloquialism, roughly meaning..."good".
It's an archaic colloquialism, roughly meaning..."good".	Yes, yes it is!
Yes, yes it is!	Just open the door.
Just open the door.	Should we say a little prayer first?
Should we say a little prayer first?	I know exactly what you mean!  Hey, honey?
I know exactly what you mean!  Hey, honey?	Oh, yes.  It just fascinates me how all    these things work.
Oh, yes.  It just fascinates me how all    these things work.	In the generator room again?
In the generator room again?	Sure.
Sure.	Would you excuse me?
Would you excuse me?	You know, when we do go up...I'm going to miss this old place. How 'bout you, hon?
You know, when we do go up...I'm going to miss this old place. How 'bout you, hon?	Yes...
Yes...	If we still have one.
If we still have one.	Yeah. Let's dig in!
Yeah. Let's dig in!	Let's eat our cake.
Let's eat our cake.	Well, we'll be going up in two years. We'll know then. I'm very hopeful.
Well, we'll be going up in two years. We'll know then. I'm very hopeful.	Calvin Webber! What a thing to say!
Calvin Webber! What a thing to say!	One who doesn't glow in the dark.
One who doesn't glow in the dark.	Well, we did in my family!
Well, we did in my family!	Oh, that's just a bunch of baloney! We never believed that in my family!
Oh, that's just a bunch of baloney! We never believed that in my family!	If he tells, it won't come true!
If he tells, it won't come true!	What did you wish for, Adam?
What did you wish for, Adam?	And I made these!
And I made these!	No kidding.  Who else would have done it?
No kidding.  Who else would have done it?	You bet.
You bet.	Get the presents and do the lights.
Get the presents and do the lights.	Coming!
Coming!	Calvin!
Calvin!	Hi.
Hi.	Hi, honey!
Hi, honey!	I believe there will be other survivors. In fact, I'm guessing there's life on the surface, even now. It's not life worth living perhaps, but believe me, something's moving around up there. And I don't just mean the cockroaches.
I believe there will be other survivors. In fact, I'm guessing there's life on the surface, even now. It's not life worth living perhaps, but believe me, something's moving around up there. And I don't just mean the cockroaches.	Oh, Calvin, I'm not sure we should be making promises that perhaps can't be kept.
Oh, Calvin, I'm not sure we should be making promises that perhaps can't be kept.	Yes, you certainly will. And you'll find a nice girl and rebuild America. Just the way it used to be.
Yes, you certainly will. And you'll find a nice girl and rebuild America. Just the way it used to be.	Nonsense. People have no idea what the human mind is capable of. Look at us!
Nonsense. People have no idea what the human mind is capable of. Look at us!	Yes, he's very bright, dear. Much like his father. But you know, Calvin, maybe he's a little...young for school.
Yes, he's very bright, dear. Much like his father. But you know, Calvin, maybe he's a little...young for school.	Not bad for a three and a half year old! I'd like to see the public school system match that! I don't care how terrific it is!
Not bad for a three and a half year old! I'd like to see the public school system match that! I don't care how terrific it is!	What?
What?	Watch this!
Watch this!	Yes.  Well... yes.
Yes.  Well... yes.	Very nice. Unless it caved in, too.
Very nice. Unless it caved in, too.	No reason.  Well, it's pretty clear that the front entrance caved in when the bomb went off. So, you know, when the time is up, we'll have to return to the surface using, you know, this back entrance.  Which is very nice because it has the service elevator!
No reason.  Well, it's pretty clear that the front entrance caved in when the bomb went off. So, you know, when the time is up, we'll have to return to the surface using, you know, this back entrance.  Which is very nice because it has the service elevator!	Why?
Why?	Oh, I was just examining this rear hatchway.
Oh, I was just examining this rear hatchway.	We looked all over for you. What are you doing back here?
We looked all over for you. What are you doing back here?	Right here!
Right here!	Calvin?!
Calvin?!	What? Whatever you want, Helen!
What? Whatever you want, Helen!	If I...you know...
If I...you know...	Yes!
Yes!	And I was wondering...if...if I could have a...
And I was wondering...if...if I could have a...	No.  I think it's just right.
No.  I think it's just right.	What shall we call him?
What shall we call him?	I've noticed.
I've noticed.	No, Calvin.  Babies cry.
No, Calvin.  Babies cry.	Is there a problem?
Is there a problem?	Honey?
Honey?	Uh, oh. Now it's time.
Uh, oh. Now it's time.	What?
What?	Oh, no.
Oh, no.	I told you! I've got everything!
I told you! I've got everything!	You have tranquilizers?
You have tranquilizers?	Would you like a tranquilizer?
Would you like a tranquilizer?	No. No! Calvin, this is different! Believe me!
No. No! Calvin, this is different! Believe me!	How could you?! This is just like home!
How could you?! This is just like home!	Maybe I've just got the creeps.
Maybe I've just got the creeps.	Really?
Really?	No, Calvin, you're favorite.
No, Calvin, you're favorite.	Hot Dr. Pepper! Your favorite!
Hot Dr. Pepper! Your favorite!	I'm not hungry.
I'm not hungry.	Burnt to a crisp.  I've given you the most well-done cut.
Burnt to a crisp.  I've given you the most well-done cut.	All our friends...
All our friends...	We have to be strong, sweetheart. If not for ourselves, for the child.
We have to be strong, sweetheart. If not for ourselves, for the child.	No.
No.	Hi, honey! Feeling better?
Hi, honey! Feeling better?	To go up.
To go up.	To go up.
To go up.	It's safe.
It's safe.	Then after that it's safe.
Then after that it's safe.	Thirty -five years!
Thirty -five years!	To keep us from trying to leave. After an atomic blast there's a radiation half-life that lasts thirty five years.
To keep us from trying to leave. After an atomic blast there's a radiation half-life that lasts thirty five years.	The locks?
The locks?	The locks.
The locks.	What's that noise?
What's that noise?	To you maybe.
To you maybe.	Home sweet home!
Home sweet home!	As long as we've got that straight.
As long as we've got that straight.	Yes, dear!
Yes, dear!	Now you listen to me Calvin Webber, when this baby comes, you're going to be out in the waiting room smoking yourself to death with all the other fathers.
Now you listen to me Calvin Webber, when this baby comes, you're going to be out in the waiting room smoking yourself to death with all the other fathers.	I've read up on it. I'll deliver the baby myself if I have to.
I've read up on it. I'll deliver the baby myself if I have to.	But, what if I go into labor? That could happen any time.
But, what if I go into labor? That could happen any time.	Rather safe than sorry. That's my motto!
Rather safe than sorry. That's my motto!	Days??
Days??	I don't know. For this thing to blow over, it could take days.
I don't know. For this thing to blow over, it could take days.	How long will we have to stay down here?
How long will we have to stay down here?	Yeah, yeah. Okay.  Give me the roast and watch your step.  I'll come back for the radio.
Yeah, yeah. Okay.  Give me the roast and watch your step.  I'll come back for the radio.	Oh, much worse. But not as bad as that Mexican Jumping Bean dip. You remember that?
Oh, much worse. But not as bad as that Mexican Jumping Bean dip. You remember that?	Worse than your Kraft Holiday dip?
Worse than your Kraft Holiday dip?	Cheese is particularly troublesome.
Cheese is particularly troublesome.	I just hope those plates aren't radioactive by tomorrow morning.
I just hope those plates aren't radioactive by tomorrow morning.	Calvin, I wish you would have at least let me do the dishes. It's not going to be that easy getting all that dried- on food off my nice plates.
Calvin, I wish you would have at least let me do the dishes. It's not going to be that easy getting all that dried- on food off my nice plates.	Yes.
Yes.	You hear that?!
You hear that?!	I never know anymore.
I never know anymore.	No.  They all do.
No.  They all do.	Did you rig it to do that? You're so clever.
Did you rig it to do that? You're so clever.	It shuts off automatically.
It shuts off automatically.	Time? Oh, no Calvin. It's not time yet. I still have--
Time? Oh, no Calvin. It's not time yet. I still have--	It's time.
It's time.	We'll do this again! Maybe next week. Here's your hat. Could I wrap something up for you? Did you have a coat?
We'll do this again! Maybe next week. Here's your hat. Could I wrap something up for you? Did you have a coat?	I'm sorry everyone, but given this extraordinary turn of events, I think it's prudent that we cut the evening short. I'm sure this Cuban thing will resolve itself, but in the meantime...I'd suggest taking a prayerful watch-and-wait stance!
I'm sorry everyone, but given this extraordinary turn of events, I think it's prudent that we cut the evening short. I'm sure this Cuban thing will resolve itself, but in the meantime...I'd suggest taking a prayerful watch-and-wait stance!	You bet, hon!
You bet, hon!	Well, put it down and come in!
Well, put it down and come in!	Sorry, honey!  I just got to fooling with this darn rheostat.
Sorry, honey!  I just got to fooling with this darn rheostat.	For Pete's sake, Calvin!  We've got guests!
For Pete's sake, Calvin!  We've got guests!	I guess we shouldn't fight in here.
I guess we shouldn't fight in here.	Stop it, you two!
Stop it, you two!	Yeah. Before I kick your ass.
Yeah. Before I kick your ass.	Go home, Adam.  Go to your hotel.
Go home, Adam.  Go to your hotel.	You know, I don't know.  And looking at you, I don't care.  It's been too long, Eve.
You know, I don't know.  And looking at you, I don't care.  It's been too long, Eve.	So where is your roommate, the model?
So where is your roommate, the model?	Shana Gillroy's apartment.  Remember her?  The model who went to Harvard? Well, I better get going!  Bye, Adam. Nice coat!
Shana Gillroy's apartment.  Remember her?  The model who went to Harvard? Well, I better get going!  Bye, Adam. Nice coat!	Go home, Cliff, wherever that might be.
Go home, Cliff, wherever that might be.	This is Adam.  Adam, meet Cliff.
This is Adam.  Adam, meet Cliff.	Hey, they're Ralph Laurens.  And who's this interesting looking fellow?
Hey, they're Ralph Laurens.  And who's this interesting looking fellow?	You came back for these?
You came back for these?	Your stuff?  Let me see that.
Your stuff?  Let me see that.	I forgot some of my stuff.
I forgot some of my stuff.	What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?	What are you bitching about now?
What are you bitching about now?	Stop!
Stop!	Where?!
Where?!	Adam!!
Adam!!	Yeah.  Maybe he'll call.
Yeah.  Maybe he'll call.	Well, we've come a long way, haven't we?  I want to go home.
Well, we've come a long way, haven't we?  I want to go home.	None of this stuff was here in 1962. The Valley was mostly small homes and fruit orchards.
None of this stuff was here in 1962. The Valley was mostly small homes and fruit orchards.	Why would you put a fallout shelter under a porno shop?
Why would you put a fallout shelter under a porno shop?	Come on.
Come on.	An adult bookstore. He was very excited about seeing it. You think home is under a dirty bookstore in the Valley?
An adult bookstore. He was very excited about seeing it. You think home is under a dirty bookstore in the Valley?	What?!
What?!	No. No, wait a minute. We stopped at a porno store.
No. No, wait a minute. We stopped at a porno store.	You didn't stop anywhere else?!
You didn't stop anywhere else?!	We came back to the house!
We came back to the house!	Then what?
Then what?	To get some frozen poultry.
To get some frozen poultry.	Well, at least I fell for him before I found out he was rich! That's new.  Wait a minute! He said today he knew where home was. What happened this morning?! Where did you go?!
Well, at least I fell for him before I found out he was rich! That's new.  Wait a minute! He said today he knew where home was. What happened this morning?! Where did you go?!	I don't know. I like to think so.
I don't know. I like to think so.	He was always so "nice"! How was I supposed to know that's a good thing?! "Nice" is weird! Nice is...what is "nice"? It's not cool! I'll tell you that.  Was it ever?
He was always so "nice"! How was I supposed to know that's a good thing?! "Nice" is weird! Nice is...what is "nice"? It's not cool! I'll tell you that.  Was it ever?	Yeah! That's thinking.
Yeah! That's thinking.	Have him committed.
Have him committed.	Millions upon millions upon millions! The cards. The stock!  The clothes! The toothpaste!  The guy was on the level!  And you blew it!  A man walks into your life who is the kindest, most polite, honest, trustworthy, incredibly rich guy you have ever met in your life!! And what do you do?!
Millions upon millions upon millions! The cards. The stock!  The clothes! The toothpaste!  The guy was on the level!  And you blew it!  A man walks into your life who is the kindest, most polite, honest, trustworthy, incredibly rich guy you have ever met in your life!! And what do you do?!	See these?  Found them in the box with the cards.  These are stock certificates.  IBM.  AT&T.  Polaroid.
See these?  Found them in the box with the cards.  These are stock certificates.  IBM.  AT&T.  Polaroid.	I don't know.  Everything's so neat. It's all just so...goddamn dear.  Damn!
I don't know.  Everything's so neat. It's all just so...goddamn dear.  Damn!	What's wrong?
What's wrong?	We'll find him.
We'll find him.	And if we can't find him?
And if we can't find him?	Give it back to him.
Give it back to him.	What do you want to do with it?
What do you want to do with it?	Fallout shelter.
Fallout shelter.	Good God...you don't think there really is a bomb shelter, do you?
Good God...you don't think there really is a bomb shelter, do you?	Oh.  Well, you're...certainly welcome!
Oh.  Well, you're...certainly welcome!	Gay.
Gay.	What?!
What?!	Oh, no!
Oh, no!	I know...I know. You did the right thing.
I know...I know. You did the right thing.	Well what was I supposed to do?! He wants me to live underground with him! That's like Silence of the Lambs, don't you think?!
Well what was I supposed to do?! He wants me to live underground with him! That's like Silence of the Lambs, don't you think?!	Coward!
Coward!	I don't think so.
I don't think so.	You're goddamn right I am!
You're goddamn right I am!	What are you going to do? Go over to her place and kick in the door?
What are you going to do? Go over to her place and kick in the door?	Oh, no! Not Sophie! No way! Please don't tell me that!!
Oh, no! Not Sophie! No way! Please don't tell me that!!	It's true.  She swept him out the door whispering little French things into his ear.
It's true.  She swept him out the door whispering little French things into his ear.	What?!!
What?!!	He left with Sophie.
He left with Sophie.	Well...I admit it. I'm glad to hear that.
Well...I admit it. I'm glad to hear that.	He didn't leave with them.
He didn't leave with them.	So now I suppose he's trying to make those two dancers feel as comfortable as possible.
So now I suppose he's trying to make those two dancers feel as comfortable as possible.	From the oddest place. His parent's told him. I don't think I got that memo.
From the oddest place. His parent's told him. I don't think I got that memo.	Where did he get all that information?
Where did he get all that information?	Exactly! I thought a gentleman was somebody who owned horses. Turns out, the short and very simple definition of a gentleman or a lady is: someone who always attempts to make the people around him or her feel as comfortable as possible. That's it! If you don't do that, nothing else matters. The cars, the clothes, the houses...
Exactly! I thought a gentleman was somebody who owned horses. Turns out, the short and very simple definition of a gentleman or a lady is: someone who always attempts to make the people around him or her feel as comfortable as possible. That's it! If you don't do that, nothing else matters. The cars, the clothes, the houses...	Well, consider the source. I don't even know what a lady is.
Well, consider the source. I don't even know what a lady is.	He thinks that I am a gentleman and that you are a lady!
He thinks that I am a gentleman and that you are a lady!	What?
What?	You know, I asked him about that. And he said that good manners are a way we have of showing other people that we respect them. See, you'd eat like a slob if you were alone, but since another human being is present, you show that person respect by going to the trouble of having proper manners. I didn't know that. I thought it was a way of appearing superior.  Know what else he told me?
You know, I asked him about that. And he said that good manners are a way we have of showing other people that we respect them. See, you'd eat like a slob if you were alone, but since another human being is present, you show that person respect by going to the trouble of having proper manners. I didn't know that. I thought it was a way of appearing superior.  Know what else he told me?	Or have perfect table manners.
Or have perfect table manners.	Yes, you do!
Yes, you do!	Or pee in their pants when they see the ocean!
Or pee in their pants when they see the ocean!	Uh, yes, you do.
Uh, yes, you do.	And I don't fall in love with grown men who collect baseball cards!!
And I don't fall in love with grown men who collect baseball cards!!	Yes, you do.
Yes, you do.	In the first place, I don't fall in love with weirdos I've only known for four or five days.
In the first place, I don't fall in love with weirdos I've only known for four or five days.	What?!  Now hold on!  Wait one damn minute!
What?!  Now hold on!  Wait one damn minute!	Yeah.  I'm not the one who's in love with the guy.
Yeah.  I'm not the one who's in love with the guy.	To bed?
To bed?	To bed.
To bed.	Where are you going?
Where are you going?	Yeah. But who's not a slut these days?
Yeah. But who's not a slut these days?	Those sluts!
Those sluts!	Hey, you're the psychic. Eve, the psychic pimp.  You tell me.
Hey, you're the psychic. Eve, the psychic pimp.  You tell me.	I'm his pimp. He left with the dancers, didn't he?
I'm his pimp. He left with the dancers, didn't he?	What's it to you?!
What's it to you?!	Who did he leave with?
Who did he leave with?	We did not leave together.
We did not leave together.	What's that mean?
What's that mean?	Uh..he might of.
Uh..he might of.	He go back to the hotel?
He go back to the hotel?	Right here?  Well, you're being so bossy I wasn't sure!
Right here?  Well, you're being so bossy I wasn't sure!	Go to the bathroom.
Go to the bathroom.	It's not so much what you say but how you say it.  Women like men who are unpredictable.
It's not so much what you say but how you say it.  Women like men who are unpredictable.	Um... Eve?
Um... Eve?	Adam,  I think for you, we should go for "sweet."
Adam,  I think for you, we should go for "sweet."	Well, I'm trying to educate him!  It's nothing personal.
Well, I'm trying to educate him!  It's nothing personal.	Eve?!
Eve?!	Are you kidding?!  You wouldn't even be a crumb on her table!  You don't see that?!
Are you kidding?!  You wouldn't even be a crumb on her table!  You don't see that?!	For him. It doesn't work for the rest of us.
For him. It doesn't work for the rest of us.	Always good advice.
Always good advice.	Just be yourself.
Just be yourself.	He's from Alaska.
He's from Alaska.	That water's freezing!
That water's freezing!	No.
No.	How 'bout it, Eve? Can he skate around your block?
How 'bout it, Eve? Can he skate around your block?	Let me show you the entire trousseau!
Let me show you the entire trousseau!	I think...it...works.
I think...it...works.	Well, what do you think?
Well, what do you think?	What do you think, Adam?
What do you think, Adam?	I'm busy tomorrow anyway. I have to buy six thousand paper napkins.
I'm busy tomorrow anyway. I have to buy six thousand paper napkins.	Alright, I will.
Alright, I will.	That's what I'm sensing.
That's what I'm sensing.	Yeah? Like Ralph Lauren?
Yeah? Like Ralph Lauren?	I see "elegant."
I see "elegant."	And I suppose you see him in some sort of strapless  thing, don't you?
And I suppose you see him in some sort of strapless  thing, don't you?	I'm sorry. But if the shoe fits.
I'm sorry. But if the shoe fits.	Well, that's blunt!
Well, that's blunt!	It means that your taste in men's apparel is as bad as your taste in men.
It means that your taste in men's apparel is as bad as your taste in men.	What's that supposed to mean?
What's that supposed to mean?	You're serious, aren't you?
You're serious, aren't you?	Money is no object.  He's got cards up the wazoo.
Money is no object.  He's got cards up the wazoo.	I don't know.
I don't know.	Exactly.  You understand that, don't you?  You have no chance of meeting a woman dressed like that.
Exactly.  You understand that, don't you?  You have no chance of meeting a woman dressed like that.	But first, you have to start with the clothes!
But first, you have to start with the clothes!	Oh, my God...
Oh, my God...	Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.	I even guessed his hotel, didn't I?
I even guessed his hotel, didn't I?	Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.	Since that guy rear-ended me in Palm Springs.
Since that guy rear-ended me in Palm Springs.	Out-of-town.  That's all he'll say.
Out-of-town.  That's all he'll say.	So, Adam...where on earth are you from?
So, Adam...where on earth are you from?	Darlin', this is X-File stuff!  Think about it!  The guy's got all this easily negotiable property. He's obviously setting something up very big.  Like a self-sustaining island off the coast of South America, for instance. Or perhaps he's the head of a cult that's doing weird things with poultry and pipe tobacco. I've heard worse.
Darlin', this is X-File stuff!  Think about it!  The guy's got all this easily negotiable property. He's obviously setting something up very big.  Like a self-sustaining island off the coast of South America, for instance. Or perhaps he's the head of a cult that's doing weird things with poultry and pipe tobacco. I've heard worse.	I knew you'd like him.
I knew you'd like him.	Eve!  This guy is un-be-liev-able!
Eve!  This guy is un-be-liev-able!	I'll give it to ya, no money down. The neighborhood has gone to hell anyway.
I'll give it to ya, no money down. The neighborhood has gone to hell anyway.	Yeah!  Yeah, that's it!
Yeah!  Yeah, that's it!	Buy it from me?
Buy it from me?	Could I, like...oh, wow...like,uh...
Could I, like...oh, wow...like,uh...	I'm selling this place.  I want out of this hell hole!
I'm selling this place.  I want out of this hell hole!	Um...uh...
Um...uh...	I miss those nice flower-power kids. How 'bout you?
I miss those nice flower-power kids. How 'bout you?	Uh...yeah. It's like hard.
Uh...yeah. It's like hard.	I can't tell the boys from the girls anymore!
I can't tell the boys from the girls anymore!	You bet, Mom! Coming up!
You bet, Mom! Coming up!	I'm going to need two more banana- splits and a cherry coke!
I'm going to need two more banana- splits and a cherry coke!	Roger, Wolf One.
Roger, Wolf One.	I'm marking the 180 radial for five and ejecting.
I'm marking the 180 radial for five and ejecting.	The SAR HELO is airborne with you in sight.
The SAR HELO is airborne with you in sight.	Tower, say again!!
Tower, say again!!	Roger, Wolf One. Can you make it to the ocean?
Roger, Wolf One. Can you make it to the ocean?	I've got secondaries of an engine fire and I'll need to find a clear area to eject.
I've got secondaries of an engine fire and I'll need to find a clear area to eject.	Wolf One -- say intentions.
Wolf One -- say intentions.	Stand by. One.
Stand by. One.	Say your problem, Wolf One. Are you declaring an emergency?
Say your problem, Wolf One. Are you declaring an emergency?	Tower. Wolf One. I've got a problem here.
Tower. Wolf One. I've got a problem here.	-- He's just a lucky guy.
-- He's just a lucky guy.	Monsieur Rick, I --
Monsieur Rick, I --	Yes, well, everybody in Casablanca has problems. Yours may work out. You'll excuse me.
Yes, well, everybody in Casablanca has problems. Yours may work out. You'll excuse me.	Oh, but if you knew what it means to us to leave Europe, to get to America! Oh, but if Jan should find out! He is such a boy. In many ways I am so much older than he is.
Oh, but if you knew what it means to us to leave Europe, to get to America! Oh, but if Jan should find out! He is such a boy. In many ways I am so much older than he is.	Go back to Bulgaria.
Go back to Bulgaria.	Oh, yes, please.
Oh, yes, please.	You want my advice?
You want my advice?	And he never knew, and the girl kept this bad thing locked in her heart? That would be all right, wouldn't it?
And he never knew, and the girl kept this bad thing locked in her heart? That would be all right, wouldn't it?	Nobody ever loved me that much.
Nobody ever loved me that much.	He always has.
He always has.	-- Will he keep his word?
-- Will he keep his word?	And you want to know --
And you want to know --	Yes, Monsieur.
Yes, Monsieur.	And he is still willing to give you a visa?
And he is still willing to give you a visa?	Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.	Does he know that?
Does he know that?	He tells me he can give us an exit visa, but we have no money.
He tells me he can give us an exit visa, but we have no money.	Yes, I'll bet.
Yes, I'll bet.	Yes, but we have not much money, and traveling is so expensive and difficult. It was much more than we thought to get here. And then Captain Renault sees us and he is so kind. He wants to help us.
Yes, but we have not much money, and traveling is so expensive and difficult. It was much more than we thought to get here. And then Captain Renault sees us and he is so kind. He wants to help us.	So you decided to go to America.
So you decided to go to America.	Eight weeks. We come from Bulgaria. Oh, things are very bad there, Monsieur. A devil has the people by the throat. So, Jan and I, we, we do not want our children to grow up in such a country.
Eight weeks. We come from Bulgaria. Oh, things are very bad there, Monsieur. A devil has the people by the throat. So, Jan and I, we, we do not want our children to grow up in such a country.	How long have you been married?
How long have you been married?	At the roulette table, trying to win enough for our exit visa. Well of course, he's losing.
At the roulette table, trying to win enough for our exit visa. Well of course, he's losing.	I thought so. Where's your husband?
I thought so. Where's your husband?	He did. Captain Renault did.
He did. Captain Renault did.	-- Now, just a minute. Who told you to ask me that?
-- Now, just a minute. Who told you to ask me that?	No, I mean, is he trustworthy? Is his word --
No, I mean, is he trustworthy? Is his word --	Oh, he's just like any other man, only more so.
Oh, he's just like any other man, only more so.	Monsieur Rick, what kind of man is Captain Renault?
Monsieur Rick, what kind of man is Captain Renault?	No.
No.	No, of course not. Do you mind if I do?
No, of course not. Do you mind if I do?	He is? Well, Captain Renault's getting broadminded. Sit down. Will you have a drink?
He is? Well, Captain Renault's getting broadminded. Sit down. Will you have a drink?	My husband is with me, too.
My husband is with me, too.	I should have known.
I should have known.	I came with Captain Renault.
I came with Captain Renault.	How did you get in here? You're under age.
How did you get in here? You're under age.	Could I speak to you for just a moment, please?
Could I speak to you for just a moment, please?	Yes?
Yes?	Monsieur Rick?
Monsieur Rick?	But we who are still free will do all we can. We are organized, Monsieur, underground like everywhere else. Tomorrow night there is a meeting at the Caverne du Bois. If you would come...
But we who are still free will do all we can. We are organized, Monsieur, underground like everywhere else. Tomorrow night there is a meeting at the Caverne du Bois. If you would come...	I see.
I see.	As you see, it was true every single time. Thank heaven I found you, Berger. I am looking for a man by the name of Ugarte. He is supposed to help me.
As you see, it was true every single time. Thank heaven I found you, Berger. I am looking for a man by the name of Ugarte. He is supposed to help me.	We read five times that you were killed in five different places.
We read five times that you were killed in five different places.	In a concentration camp, one is apt to lose a little weight.
In a concentration camp, one is apt to lose a little weight.	I recognize you from the news photographs, Monsieur Laszlo.
I recognize you from the news photographs, Monsieur Laszlo.	A champagne cocktail, please.
A champagne cocktail, please.	Yes, Monsieur.
Yes, Monsieur.	Mr. Berger, the ring, could I see it again?
Mr. Berger, the ring, could I see it again?	I'm sorry. It is.
I'm sorry. It is.	Such a bargain. But that is your decision?
Such a bargain. But that is your decision?	Berger, Norwegian, and at your service, sir.
Berger, Norwegian, and at your service, sir.	What is your name?
What is your name?	Good.
Good.	-- Then perhaps for the lady. The ring is quite unique.
-- Then perhaps for the lady. The ring is quite unique.	Thank you, but I hardly think --
Thank you, but I hardly think --	You will find a market there for this ring. I am forced to sell it at a great sacrifice.
You will find a market there for this ring. I am forced to sell it at a great sacrifice.	Well?
Well?	Excuse me, but you look like a couple who are on their way to America.
Excuse me, but you look like a couple who are on their way to America.	Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.	I want you to take Miss Lund home.
I want you to take Miss Lund home.	Yes, I come, I will do it.
Yes, I come, I will do it.	-- Tonight he forgot.
-- Tonight he forgot.	But Sacha always puts out that light --
But Sacha always puts out that light --	I want you to turn out the light in the rear entrance. It might attract the police.
I want you to turn out the light in the rear entrance. It might attract the police.	Yes, I come.
Yes, I come.	Come up here a minute.
Come up here a minute.	The police break up our meeting. Herr Rick! We escaped in the last moment.
The police break up our meeting. Herr Rick! We escaped in the last moment.	Goodnight, Monsieur Rick.
Goodnight, Monsieur Rick.	Goodnight.
Goodnight.	I won't.
I won't.	-- Don't tell me where you're going.
-- Don't tell me where you're going.	I will. Then I am going to the meeting of the --
I will. Then I am going to the meeting of the --	Now you finish locking up, will you, Carl?
Now you finish locking up, will you, Carl?	Oh, thank you, Herr Rick. Sacha will be happy to hear it. I owe him money.
Oh, thank you, Herr Rick. Sacha will be happy to hear it. I owe him money.	Maybe I won't have to. A bribe has worked before. In the meantime, everybody stays on salary.
Maybe I won't have to. A bribe has worked before. In the meantime, everybody stays on salary.	Oh, two weeks, maybe three.
Oh, two weeks, maybe three.	How long can I afford to stay closed?
How long can I afford to stay closed?	Well, you are in pretty good shape, Herr Rick.
Well, you are in pretty good shape, Herr Rick.	Monsieur Rick!
Monsieur Rick!	No thanks, Carl.
No thanks, Carl.	Monsieur Rick, may I get you a cup of coffee?
Monsieur Rick, may I get you a cup of coffee?	That's all right.
That's all right.	It shall not happen again, Monsieur.
It shall not happen again, Monsieur.	Here you are.
Here you are.	I'm awfully sorry.
I'm awfully sorry.	-- Forget it, Emil. Mistakes like that happen all the time.
-- Forget it, Emil. Mistakes like that happen all the time.	I am so upset, Monsieur Rick. You know I can't understand --
I am so upset, Monsieur Rick. You know I can't understand --	Well, I'll get it from the safe.
Well, I'll get it from the safe.	Excuse me, Monsieur Rick, but a gentleman inside has won twenty thousand francs. The cashier would like some money.
Excuse me, Monsieur Rick, but a gentleman inside has won twenty thousand francs. The cashier would like some money.	It has been a pleasure to meet you.
It has been a pleasure to meet you.	Er, goodbye, sir.
Er, goodbye, sir.	I have to warn you, sir. I beseech you...
I have to warn you, sir. I beseech you...	Er, my check, please.
Er, my check, please.	I'd better be going.
I'd better be going.	Er, good luck, yes.
Er, good luck, yes.	Here's to you, sir.
Here's to you, sir.	I shall remember to pay it... to myself.
I shall remember to pay it... to myself.	Don't forget, you owe Rick's a hundred cartons of American cigarettes.
Don't forget, you owe Rick's a hundred cartons of American cigarettes.	Well, so long.
Well, so long.	Of course they stay. Rick's wouldn't be Rick's without them.
Of course they stay. Rick's wouldn't be Rick's without them.	And Abdul and Carl and Sacha, they stay with the place, or I don't sell.
And Abdul and Carl and Sacha, they stay with the place, or I don't sell.	Hmmm. I happen to know that he gets ten percent. But he's worth twenty- five.
Hmmm. I happen to know that he gets ten percent. But he's worth twenty- five.	Oh, by the way, my agreement with Sam's always been that he gets twenty- five percent of the profits. That still goes.
Oh, by the way, my agreement with Sam's always been that he gets twenty- five percent of the profits. That still goes.	Ah, to get out of Casablanca and go to America! You're a lucky man.
Ah, to get out of Casablanca and go to America! You're a lucky man.	It's certainly not good enough. But since I'm in a hurry, it'll have to do.
It's certainly not good enough. But since I'm in a hurry, it'll have to do.	Shall we draw up the papers, or is our handshake good enough?
Shall we draw up the papers, or is our handshake good enough?	Rick, don't be a fool. Take me into your confidence. You need a partner.
Rick, don't be a fool. Take me into your confidence. You need a partner.	That's why I came over here to give them a chance to ransack my place.
That's why I came over here to give them a chance to ransack my place.	Well, you're in good company. Renault and Strasser probably think so, too.
Well, you're in good company. Renault and Strasser probably think so, too.	Rick, I'll put my cards on the table. I think you know where those letters are.
Rick, I'll put my cards on the table. I think you know where those letters are.	I'll tell him when he comes in.
I'll tell him when he comes in.	Naturally there will be a few incidental expenses. That is the proposition I have for whoever has those letters.
Naturally there will be a few incidental expenses. That is the proposition I have for whoever has those letters.	And the carrying charges?
And the carrying charges?	I have a proposition for whoever has those letters. I will handle the entire transaction, get rid of the letters, take all the risk, for a small percentage.
I have a proposition for whoever has those letters. I will handle the entire transaction, get rid of the letters, take all the risk, for a small percentage.	So could I. And I'm a poor businessman.
So could I. And I'm a poor businessman.	If I could lay my hands on those letters, I could make a fortune.
If I could lay my hands on those letters, I could make a fortune.	Practically no one.
Practically no one.	Of course not. What upsets me is the fact that Ugarte is dead and no one knows where those letters of transit are.
Of course not. What upsets me is the fact that Ugarte is dead and no one knows where those letters of transit are.	You're a fat hypocrite. You don't feel any sorrier for Ugarte than I do.
You're a fat hypocrite. You don't feel any sorrier for Ugarte than I do.	The bourbon.  The news about Ugarte upset me very much.
The bourbon.  The news about Ugarte upset me very much.	Carrying charges, my boy, carrying charges. Here, sit down. There's something I want to talk over with you, anyhow.
Carrying charges, my boy, carrying charges. Here, sit down. There's something I want to talk over with you, anyhow.	I never drink in the morning. And every time you send my shipment over, it's always just a little bit short.
I never drink in the morning. And every time you send my shipment over, it's always just a little bit short.	No hurry. I'll have it sent over. Have a drink with me.
No hurry. I'll have it sent over. Have a drink with me.	I see the bus is in. I'll take my shipment with me.
I see the bus is in. I'll take my shipment with me.	My dear Rick, when will you realize that in this world today isolationism is no longer a practical policy?
My dear Rick, when will you realize that in this world today isolationism is no longer a practical policy?	Suppose we do.
Suppose we do.	Suppose we ask Sam. Maybe he'd like to make a change.
Suppose we ask Sam. Maybe he'd like to make a change.	Suppose you run your business and let me run mine.
Suppose you run your business and let me run mine.	That's too bad. That's Casablanca's leading commodity. In refugees alone we could make a fortune if you would work with me through the black market.
That's too bad. That's Casablanca's leading commodity. In refugees alone we could make a fortune if you would work with me through the black market.	I don't buy or sell human beings.
I don't buy or sell human beings.	What do you want for Sam?
What do you want for Sam?	It's not for sale at any price.
It's not for sale at any price.	You haven't heard my offer.
You haven't heard my offer.	It's not for sale.
It's not for sale.	Fine, but I would like to buy your cafe.
Fine, but I would like to buy your cafe.	Hello, Ferrari. How's business at the Blue Parrot?
Hello, Ferrari. How's business at the Blue Parrot?	Hello, Rick.
Hello, Rick.	Good day.
Good day.	It was gracious of you to share it with me. Good day, Mademoiselle, Monsieur.
It was gracious of you to share it with me. Good day, Mademoiselle, Monsieur.	Thank you very much. Good day.
Thank you very much. Good day.	He is a difficult customer, that Rick. One never knows what he'll do or why. But it is worth a chance.
He is a difficult customer, that Rick. One never knows what he'll do or why. But it is worth a chance.	Rick?
Rick?	Not for sure, Monsieur, but I will venture to guess that Ugarte left those letters with Monsieur Rick.
Not for sure, Monsieur, but I will venture to guess that Ugarte left those letters with Monsieur Rick.	Do you know where they are?
Do you know where they are?	Those letters were not found on Ugarte when they arrested him.
Those letters were not found on Ugarte when they arrested him.	Yes, something.
Yes, something.	I observe that you in one respect are a very fortunate man, Monsieur. I am moved to make one more suggestion, why, I do not know, because it cannot possibly profit me, but, have you heard about Signor Ugarte and the letters of transit?
I observe that you in one respect are a very fortunate man, Monsieur. I am moved to make one more suggestion, why, I do not know, because it cannot possibly profit me, but, have you heard about Signor Ugarte and the letters of transit?	Well, good luck. But be careful.  You know you're being shadowed?
Well, good luck. But be careful.  You know you're being shadowed?	We've decided, Signor Ferrari. For the present we'll go on looking for two exit visas. Thank you very much.
We've decided, Signor Ferrari. For the present we'll go on looking for two exit visas. Thank you very much.	-- We might as well be frank, Monsieur. It will take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca. And the Germans have outlawed miracles.
-- We might as well be frank, Monsieur. It will take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca. And the Germans have outlawed miracles.	I will stay here and keep on trying. I'm sure in a little while --
I will stay here and keep on trying. I'm sure in a little while --	Signor Ferrari thinks it might just be possible to get an exit visa for you.
Signor Ferrari thinks it might just be possible to get an exit visa for you.	As leader of all illegal activities in Casablanca, I am an influential and respected man. It would not be worth my life to do anything for Monsieur Laszlo. You, however, are a different matter.
As leader of all illegal activities in Casablanca, I am an influential and respected man. It would not be worth my life to do anything for Monsieur Laszlo. You, however, are a different matter.	You see, my dear, the word has gone around.
You see, my dear, the word has gone around.	My dear Mademoiselle, perhaps you have already observed that in Casablanca, human life is cheap. Good night, Mademoiselle.
My dear Mademoiselle, perhaps you have already observed that in Casablanca, human life is cheap. Good night, Mademoiselle.	And the other alternative?
And the other alternative?	It is possible the French authorities will find a reason to put him in the concentration camp here.
It is possible the French authorities will find a reason to put him in the concentration camp here.	What are they?
What are they?	There are only two other alternatives for him.
There are only two other alternatives for him.	What value is that? You may recall what German guarantees have been worth in the past.
What value is that? You may recall what German guarantees have been worth in the past.	Uh huh. Under a safe conduct from me.
Uh huh. Under a safe conduct from me.	Occupied France?
Occupied France?	That is also true, except for one destination, to return to occupied France.
That is also true, except for one destination, to return to occupied France.	This morning you implied it was not safe for him to leave Casablanca.
This morning you implied it was not safe for him to leave Casablanca.	Mademoiselle, after this disturbance it is not safe for Laszlo to stay in Casablanca.
Mademoiselle, after this disturbance it is not safe for Laszlo to stay in Casablanca.	You needn't be concerned about me.
You needn't be concerned about me.	And Mademoiselle?
And Mademoiselle?	She tried everything to get them, and nothing worked. She did her best to convince me that she was still in love with me, but that was all over long ago. For your sake, she pretended it wasn't, and I let her pretend.
She tried everything to get them, and nothing worked. She did her best to convince me that she was still in love with me, but that was all over long ago. For your sake, she pretended it wasn't, and I let her pretend.	Yes.
Yes.	And you never will. But I've got a job to do, too. Where I'm going you can't follow. What I've got to do you can't be any part of. Ilsa, I'm no good at being noble, but it doesn't take much to see that the problems of three little people don't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world. Someday you'll understand that. Now, now...
And you never will. But I've got a job to do, too. Where I'm going you can't follow. What I've got to do you can't be any part of. Ilsa, I'm no good at being noble, but it doesn't take much to see that the problems of three little people don't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world. Someday you'll understand that. Now, now...	And I said I would never leave you.
And I said I would never leave you.	We'll always have Paris. We didn't have, we'd lost it, until you came to Casablanca. We got it back last night.
We'll always have Paris. We didn't have, we'd lost it, until you came to Casablanca. We got it back last night.	But what about us?
But what about us?	Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon, and for the rest of your life.
Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon, and for the rest of your life.	No.
No.	I'm saying it because it's true. Inside of us we both know you belong with Victor. You're part of his work, the thing that keeps him going. If that plane leaves the ground and you're not with him, you'll regret it.
I'm saying it because it's true. Inside of us we both know you belong with Victor. You're part of his work, the thing that keeps him going. If that plane leaves the ground and you're not with him, you'll regret it.	-- You've got to listen to me. Do you have any idea what you'd have to look forward to if you stayed here? Nine chances out of ten we'd both wind up in a concentration camp. Isn't that true, Louis?
-- You've got to listen to me. Do you have any idea what you'd have to look forward to if you stayed here? Nine chances out of ten we'd both wind up in a concentration camp. Isn't that true, Louis?	But Richard, no, I, I --
But Richard, no, I, I --	-- Last night we said a great many things. You said I was to do the thinking for both of us. Well, I've done a lot of it since then and it all adds up to one thing. You're getting on that plane with Victor where you belong.
-- Last night we said a great many things. You said I was to do the thinking for both of us. Well, I've done a lot of it since then and it all adds up to one thing. You're getting on that plane with Victor where you belong.	No, Richard, no. What has happened to you? Last night we said --
No, Richard, no. What has happened to you? Last night we said --	I'm staying here with him 'til the plane gets safely away.
I'm staying here with him 'til the plane gets safely away.	I don't understand. What about you?
I don't understand. What about you?	Because you're getting on that plane.
Because you're getting on that plane.	But why my name, Richard?
But why my name, Richard?	Oh, Rick!
Oh, Rick!	Everything is quite all right.
Everything is quite all right.	But it's all right, isn't it? You were able to arrange everything?
But it's all right, isn't it? You were able to arrange everything?	No, not yet.
No, not yet.	Richard, Victor thinks I'm leaving with him. Haven't you told him?
Richard, Victor thinks I'm leaving with him. Haven't you told him?	I wish I didn't love you so much.
I wish I didn't love you so much.	All right, I will. Here's looking at you, kid.
All right, I will. Here's looking at you, kid.	I can't fight it anymore. I ran away from you once. I can't do it again. Oh, I don't know what's right any longer. You'll have to think for both of us, for all of us.
I can't fight it anymore. I ran away from you once. I can't do it again. Oh, I don't know what's right any longer. You'll have to think for both of us, for all of us.	All except one. He won't have you.
All except one. He won't have you.	Oh, you'll help him now, Richard, won't you? You'll see that he gets out? Then he'll have his work, all that he's been living for.
Oh, you'll help him now, Richard, won't you? You'll see that he gets out? Then he'll have his work, all that he's been living for.	And Laszlo?
And Laszlo?	Now? I don't know. I know that I'll never have the strength to leave you again.
Now? I don't know. I know that I'll never have the strength to leave you again.	Huh. But it's still a story without an ending. What about now?
Huh. But it's still a story without an ending. What about now?	Just before you and I were to leave Paris together. A friend came and told me that Victor was alive. They were hiding him in a freight car on the outskirts of Paris. He was sick, he needed me. I wanted to tell you, but I, I didn't care. I knew, I knew you wouldn't have left Paris, and the Gestapo would have caught you. So I... well, well, you know the rest.
Just before you and I were to leave Paris together. A friend came and told me that Victor was alive. They were hiding him in a freight car on the outskirts of Paris. He was sick, he needed me. I wanted to tell you, but I, I didn't care. I knew, I knew you wouldn't have left Paris, and the Gestapo would have caught you. So I... well, well, you know the rest.	When did you first find out he was alive?
When did you first find out he was alive?	Oh, it wasn't my secret, Richard. Victor wanted it that way. Not even our closest friends knew about our marriage. That was his way of protecting me. I knew so much about his work, and if the Gestapo found out I was his wife it would be dangerous for me and for those working with me.
Oh, it wasn't my secret, Richard. Victor wanted it that way. Not even our closest friends knew about our marriage. That was his way of protecting me. I knew so much about his work, and if the Gestapo found out I was his wife it would be dangerous for me and for those working with me.	Why weren't you honest with me? Why did you keep your marriage a secret?
Why weren't you honest with me? Why did you keep your marriage a secret?	It wasn't long after we were married that Victor went back to Czechoslovakia. They needed him in Prague, but there the Gestapo were waiting for him. Just a two-line item in the paper: "Victor Laszlo apprehended. Sent to concentration camp." I was frantic. For months I tried to get word. Then it came. He was dead, shot trying to escape. I was lonely. I had nothing. Not even hope. Then I met you.
It wasn't long after we were married that Victor went back to Czechoslovakia. They needed him in Prague, but there the Gestapo were waiting for him. Just a two-line item in the paper: "Victor Laszlo apprehended. Sent to concentration camp." I was frantic. For months I tried to get word. Then it came. He was dead, shot trying to escape. I was lonely. I had nothing. Not even hope. Then I met you.	And then?
And then?	If Laszlo and the cause mean so much to you, you won't stop at anything. All right, I'll make it easier for you.
If Laszlo and the cause mean so much to you, you won't stop at anything. All right, I'll make it easier for you.	For the last time, put them on the table.
For the last time, put them on the table.	No.
No.	Put them on the table.
Put them on the table.	I don't have to. I've got them right here.
I don't have to. I've got them right here.	-- All right. I tried to reason with you. I tried everything. Now I want those letters. Get them for me.
-- All right. I tried to reason with you. I tried everything. Now I want those letters. Get them for me.	What of it? I'm going to die in Casablanca. It's a good spot for it.
What of it? I'm going to die in Casablanca. It's a good spot for it.	No. Oh, Richard, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but, but you, you are our last hope. If you don't help us, Victor Laszlo will die in Casablanca.
No. Oh, Richard, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but, but you, you are our last hope. If you don't help us, Victor Laszlo will die in Casablanca.	-- I wouldn't believe you, no matter what you told me. You'd say anything now to get what you want.
-- I wouldn't believe you, no matter what you told me. You'd say anything now to get what you want.	Please. Please listen to me. If you knew what really happened, if you only knew the truth --
Please. Please listen to me. If you knew what really happened, if you only knew the truth --	-- I wouldn't bring up Paris if I were you. It's poor salesmanship.
-- I wouldn't bring up Paris if I were you. It's poor salesmanship.	Richard, Richard, we loved each other once. If those days meant anything at all to you --
Richard, Richard, we loved each other once. If those days meant anything at all to you --	I'm not fighting for anything anymore, except myself. I'm the only cause I'm interested in.
I'm not fighting for anything anymore, except myself. I'm the only cause I'm interested in.	It was your cause, too. In your own way, you were fighting for the same thing.
It was your cause, too. In your own way, you were fighting for the same thing.	Do I have to hear again what a great man your husband is? What an important cause he's fighting for?
Do I have to hear again what a great man your husband is? What an important cause he's fighting for?	I know how you feel about me, but I'm asking you to put your feelings aside for something more important.
I know how you feel about me, but I'm asking you to put your feelings aside for something more important.	I went through all that with your husband. It's no deal.
I went through all that with your husband. It's no deal.	You can ask any price you want, but you must give me those letters.
You can ask any price you want, but you must give me those letters.	Your unexpected visit isn't connected by any chance with the letters of transit? It seems that as long as I have those letters I'll never be lonely.
Your unexpected visit isn't connected by any chance with the letters of transit? It seems that as long as I have those letters I'll never be lonely.	Please.
Please.	You use "Richard" again? We're back in Paris.
You use "Richard" again? We're back in Paris.	Richard, I had to see you.
Richard, I had to see you.	I told you this morning you'd come around, but this is a little ahead of schedule. Well, won't you sit down?
I told you this morning you'd come around, but this is a little ahead of schedule. Well, won't you sit down?	The stairs from the street.
The stairs from the street.	How did you get in?
How did you get in?	No, Rick. No, you see, Victor Laszlo is my husband... and was, even when I knew you in Paris.
No, Rick. No, you see, Victor Laszlo is my husband... and was, even when I knew you in Paris.	All the same, someday you'll lie to Laszlo. You'll be there.
All the same, someday you'll lie to Laszlo. You'll be there.	Well, I'm not running away any more. I'm settled now, above a saloon, it's true, but... walk up a flight. I'll be expecting you.
Well, I'm not running away any more. I'm settled now, above a saloon, it's true, but... walk up a flight. I'll be expecting you.	You can believe that if you want to.
You can believe that if you want to.	Did you run out on me because you couldn't take it? Because you knew what it would be like, hiding from the police, running away all the time?
Did you run out on me because you couldn't take it? Because you knew what it would be like, hiding from the police, running away all the time?	Last night I saw what has happened to you. The Rick I knew in Paris, I could tell him. He'd understand. But the one who looked at me with such hatred... well, I'll be leaving Casablanca soon and we'll never see each other again. We knew very little about each other when we were in love in Paris. If we leave it that way, maybe we'll remember those days and not Casablanca, not last night.
Last night I saw what has happened to you. The Rick I knew in Paris, I could tell him. He'd understand. But the one who looked at me with such hatred... well, I'll be leaving Casablanca soon and we'll never see each other again. We knew very little about each other when we were in love in Paris. If we leave it that way, maybe we'll remember those days and not Casablanca, not last night.	Why not? After all, I got stuck with a railway ticket. I think I'm entitled to know.
Why not? After all, I got stuck with a railway ticket. I think I'm entitled to know.	I don't think I will, Rick.
I don't think I will, Rick.	Well, you can tell me now. I'm reasonably sober.
Well, you can tell me now. I'm reasonably sober.	Yes.
Yes.	Why did you come back? To tell me why you ran out on me at the railway station?
Why did you come back? To tell me why you ran out on me at the railway station?	It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.	I'm sorry I was in no condition to receive you when you called on me last night.
I'm sorry I was in no condition to receive you when you called on me last night.	Yes, that's very pretty. I heard a story once. As a matter of fact, I've heard a lot of stories in my time. They went along with the sound of a tinny piano playing in the parlor downstairs, "Mister, I met a man once when I was a kid," it'd always begin. Huh. I guess neither one of our stories was very funny. Tell me, who was it you left me for? Was it Laszlo, or were there others in between? Or aren't you the kind that tells?
Yes, that's very pretty. I heard a story once. As a matter of fact, I've heard a lot of stories in my time. They went along with the sound of a tinny piano playing in the parlor downstairs, "Mister, I met a man once when I was a kid," it'd always begin. Huh. I guess neither one of our stories was very funny. Tell me, who was it you left me for? Was it Laszlo, or were there others in between? Or aren't you the kind that tells?	It's about a girl who had just come to Paris from her home in Oslo. At the house of some friends she met a man about whom she'd heard her whole life, a very great and courageous man. He opened up for her a whole beautiful world full of knowledge and thoughts and ideals. Everything she knew or ever became was because of him. And she looked up to him and worshipped him with a feeling she supposed was love.
It's about a girl who had just come to Paris from her home in Oslo. At the house of some friends she met a man about whom she'd heard her whole life, a very great and courageous man. He opened up for her a whole beautiful world full of knowledge and thoughts and ideals. Everything she knew or ever became was because of him. And she looked up to him and worshipped him with a feeling she supposed was love.	Well, go on, tell it. Maybe one will come to you as you go along.
Well, go on, tell it. Maybe one will come to you as you go along.	I don't know the finish yet.
I don't know the finish yet.	Has it got a wow finish?
Has it got a wow finish?	Can I tell you a story, Rick?
Can I tell you a story, Rick?	Well, I did. Every one of them. Mostly I remember the last one. A wow finish. A guy standing on a station platform in the rain with a comical look on his face, because his insides had been kicked out.
Well, I did. Every one of them. Mostly I remember the last one. A wow finish. A guy standing on a station platform in the rain with a comical look on his face, because his insides had been kicked out.	I didn't count the days.
I didn't count the days.	Huh! You understand how I feel. How long was it we had, honey?
Huh! You understand how I feel. How long was it we had, honey?	Please don't. Don't, Rick. I can understand how you feel.
Please don't. Don't, Rick. I can understand how you feel.	It's funny about your voice, how it hasn't changed. I can still hear it. "Richard dear, I'll go with you any place. We'll get on a train together and never stop."
It's funny about your voice, how it hasn't changed. I can still hear it. "Richard dear, I'll go with you any place. We'll get on a train together and never stop."	I wouldn't have come if I had known that you were here. Believe me, Rick, it's true. I didn't know.
I wouldn't have come if I had known that you were here. Believe me, Rick, it's true. I didn't know.	Why did you have to come to Casablanca? There are other places.
Why did you have to come to Casablanca? There are other places.	Please.
Please.	Especially tonight.
Especially tonight.	No. No, Rick. Not tonight.
No. No, Rick. Not tonight.	Oh. I saved my first drink to have with you. Here.
Oh. I saved my first drink to have with you. Here.	I love you so much, and I hate this war so much. Oh, it's a crazy world. Anything can happen. If you shouldn't get away, I mean, if, if something should keep us apart, wherever they put you and wherever I'll be, I want you to know...
I love you so much, and I hate this war so much. Oh, it's a crazy world. Anything can happen. If you shouldn't get away, I mean, if, if something should keep us apart, wherever they put you and wherever I'll be, I want you to know...	Well, why not? The captain on a ship can. It doesn't seem fair that... Hey, hey, what's wrong, kid?
Well, why not? The captain on a ship can. It doesn't seem fair that... Hey, hey, what's wrong, kid?	Oh, darling!
Oh, darling!	Yes, I guess it is a little too far ahead. Well, let's see. What about the engineer? Why can't he marry us on the train?
Yes, I guess it is a little too far ahead. Well, let's see. What about the engineer? Why can't he marry us on the train?	That's too far ahead to plan.
That's too far ahead to plan.	All right. At a quarter to five.  Say, why don't we get married in Marseilles?
All right. At a quarter to five.  Say, why don't we get married in Marseilles?	No, no. Not at my hotel. I, uh, I have things to do in the city before I leave. I'll meet you at the station, huh?
No, no. Not at my hotel. I, uh, I have things to do in the city before I leave. I'll meet you at the station, huh?	-- The train for Marseilles leaves at five o'clock. I'll pick you up at your hotel at four-thirty.
-- The train for Marseilles leaves at five o'clock. I'll pick you up at your hotel at four-thirty.	Yes, of course, we --
Yes, of course, we --	No, no, no, no. We must leave.
No, no, no, no. We must leave.	But be serious, darling. You are in danger and you must leave Paris.
But be serious, darling. You are in danger and you must leave Paris.	I know very little about you, just the fact that you had your teeth straightened.
I know very little about you, just the fact that you had your teeth straightened.	Strange. I know so very little about you.
Strange. I know so very little about you.	Ah, that's the new German 77. And judging by the sound, only about thirty-five miles away.
Ah, that's the new German 77. And judging by the sound, only about thirty-five miles away.	Was that cannon fire, or is it my heart pounding?
Was that cannon fire, or is it my heart pounding?	Looking for a job.
Looking for a job.	Ten years ago? Let's see...  ...Yes. I was having a brace put on my teeth. Where were you?
Ten years ago? Let's see...  ...Yes. I was having a brace put on my teeth. Where were you?	Yeah. It's pretty bad timing. Where were you, say, ten years ago?
Yeah. It's pretty bad timing. Where were you, say, ten years ago?	With the whole world crumbling, we pick this time to fall in love.
With the whole world crumbling, we pick this time to fall in love.	It's the Gestapo. They say they expect to be in Paris tomorrow.
It's the Gestapo. They say they expect to be in Paris tomorrow.	My German's a little rusty.
My German's a little rusty.	I'm on their blacklist already, their roll of honor.
I'm on their blacklist already, their roll of honor.	Richard, they'll find out your record. It won't be safe for you here.
Richard, they'll find out your record. It won't be safe for you here.	Well, only one answer can take care of all our questions.
Well, only one answer can take care of all our questions.	I'm sorry for asking. I forgot we said "no questions."
I'm sorry for asking. I forgot we said "no questions."	That's easy. There was. He's dead.
That's easy. There was. He's dead.	Uh huh.
Uh huh.	Why there is no other man in my life?
Why there is no other man in my life?	Why I'm so lucky. Why I should find you waiting for me to come along.
Why I'm so lucky. Why I should find you waiting for me to come along.	Yes?
Yes?	And I was wondering.
And I was wondering.	I'm willing to be overcharged. Tell me.
I'm willing to be overcharged. Tell me.	In America they'd bring only a penny. I guess that's about all they're worth.
In America they'd bring only a penny. I guess that's about all they're worth.	A franc for your thoughts.
A franc for your thoughts.	Here's looking at you, kid.
Here's looking at you, kid.	We said "no questions."
We said "no questions."	Who are you really? And what were you before? What did you do and what did you think? Huh?
Who are you really? And what were you before? What did you do and what did you think? Huh?	He hasn't played it in a long time.
He hasn't played it in a long time.	There's still nobody in the world who can play "As Time Goes By" like Sam.
There's still nobody in the world who can play "As Time Goes By" like Sam.	I will.
I will.	Say goodnight to Sam for me.
Say goodnight to Sam for me.	Yes. I put that dress away. When the Germans march out, I'll wear it again.
Yes. I put that dress away. When the Germans march out, I'll wear it again.	I remember every detail. The Germans wore gray, you wore blue.
I remember every detail. The Germans wore gray, you wore blue.	No.
No.	Not an easy day to forget.
Not an easy day to forget.	How nice. You remembered. But of course, that was the day the Germans marched into Paris.
How nice. You remembered. But of course, that was the day the Germans marched into Paris.	-- It was "La Belle Aurore."
-- It was "La Belle Aurore."	Oh I can't remember it, Miss Ilsa. I'm a little rusty on it.
Oh I can't remember it, Miss Ilsa. I'm a little rusty on it.	Play it, Sam. Play "As Time Goes By."
Play it, Sam. Play "As Time Goes By."	I don't know what you mean, Miss Ilsa.
I don't know what you mean, Miss Ilsa.	Play it once, Sam, for old time's sake.
Play it once, Sam, for old time's sake.	Leave him alone, Miss Ilsa. You're bad luck to him.
Leave him alone, Miss Ilsa. You're bad luck to him.	You used to be a much better liar, Sam.
You used to be a much better liar, Sam.	Oh, he never... well...  he's got a girl up at the Blue Parrot. He goes up there all the time.
Oh, he never... well...  he's got a girl up at the Blue Parrot. He goes up there all the time.	Does he always leave so early?
Does he always leave so early?	Not tonight no more. He ain't coming. Uh, he went home.
Not tonight no more. He ain't coming. Uh, he went home.	When will he be back?
When will he be back?	I don't know. I ain't seen him all night.
I don't know. I ain't seen him all night.	Where is Rick?
Where is Rick?	Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.	Some of the old songs, Sam.
Some of the old songs, Sam.	Yes, ma'am. A lot of water under the bridge.
Yes, ma'am. A lot of water under the bridge.	It's been a long time.
It's been a long time.	Hello, Miss Ilsa. I never expected to see you again.
Hello, Miss Ilsa. I never expected to see you again.	Hello, Sam.
Hello, Sam.	Yes, I'm ready.  Goodbye, Rick. God bless you.
Yes, I'm ready.  Goodbye, Rick. God bless you.	Are you ready Ilsa?
Are you ready Ilsa?	Of course, I'll be careful.
Of course, I'll be careful.	Be careful.
Be careful.	-- You don't even have to say it. I'll believe. Goodnight, dear.
-- You don't even have to say it. I'll believe. Goodnight, dear.	Yes, Yes I know. Victor, whatever I do, will you believe that I, that --
Yes, Yes I know. Victor, whatever I do, will you believe that I, that --	I love you very much, my dear.
I love you very much, my dear.	No, Victor, there isn't.
No, Victor, there isn't.	I know how it is to be lonely.  Is there anything you wish to tell me?
I know how it is to be lonely.  Is there anything you wish to tell me?	Yes, Victor, I was.
Yes, Victor, I was.	When I was in the concentration camp, were you lonely in Paris?
When I was in the concentration camp, were you lonely in Paris?	-- Yes?
-- Yes?	Ilsa, I --
Ilsa, I --	Yes. He said, "Ask your wife." I don't know why he said that.
Yes. He said, "Ask your wife." I don't know why he said that.	Ask me?
Ask me?	He suggested I ask you.
He suggested I ask you.	Did he give any reason?
Did he give any reason?	But no intention of selling them. One would think if sentiment wouldn't persuade him, money would.
But no intention of selling them. One would think if sentiment wouldn't persuade him, money would.	Yes?
Yes?	Apparently he has the letters.
Apparently he has the letters.	Whatever I'd say, you'd carry on. Victor, why don't you tell me about Rick? What did you find out?
Whatever I'd say, you'd carry on. Victor, why don't you tell me about Rick? What did you find out?	To tell you the truth, I am frightened too. Shall I remain here in our hotel room hiding, or shall I carry on the best I can?
To tell you the truth, I am frightened too. Shall I remain here in our hotel room hiding, or shall I carry on the best I can?	Don't joke. After Major Strasser's warning tonight, I am frightened.
Don't joke. After Major Strasser's warning tonight, I am frightened.	I must. Besides, it isn't often that a man has a chance to display heroics before his wife.
I must. Besides, it isn't often that a man has a chance to display heroics before his wife.	Victor, please, don't go to the underground meeting tonight.
Victor, please, don't go to the underground meeting tonight.	Our faithful friend is still there.
Our faithful friend is still there.	We'll discuss it later.
We'll discuss it later.	What happened with Rick?
What happened with Rick?	And as far away from Major Strasser as possible.
And as far away from Major Strasser as possible.	He does. Could we have a table close to him?
He does. Could we have a table close to him?	I meant to, but something always held me up. I love you very much, Ilsa.
I meant to, but something always held me up. I love you very much, Ilsa.	Yes, I see. When I had trouble getting out of Lille, why didn't you leave me there? And when I was sick in Marseilles and held you up for two weeks and you were in danger every minute of the time, why didn't you leave me then?
Yes, I see. When I had trouble getting out of Lille, why didn't you leave me there? And when I was sick in Marseilles and held you up for two weeks and you were in danger every minute of the time, why didn't you leave me then?	Yes, I would.
Yes, I would.	But, Victor, if the situation were different, if I had to stay and there were only a visa for one, would you take it?
But, Victor, if the situation were different, if I had to stay and there were only a visa for one, would you take it?	No, Ilsa, I won't let you stay here. You must get to America. And believe me, somehow I will get out and join you.
No, Ilsa, I won't let you stay here. You must get to America. And believe me, somehow I will get out and join you.	No, Victor, no.
No, Victor, no.	Please, Ilsa, don't be hasty.
Please, Ilsa, don't be hasty.	We are only interested in two visas, Signor.
We are only interested in two visas, Signor.	Goodnight.
Goodnight.	Goodnight.
Goodnight.	Goodnight.
Goodnight.	Goodnight.
Goodnight.	I will, don't worry.
I will, don't worry.	Be careful.
Be careful.	I must find out what Berger knows.
I must find out what Berger knows.	We have been in difficult places before, haven't we?
We have been in difficult places before, haven't we?	Victor, I'm afraid for you.
Victor, I'm afraid for you.	This time they really mean to stop me.
This time they really mean to stop me.	Won't you join us?
Won't you join us?	You are very kind.
You are very kind.	If we would walk out so soon, it would only call attention to us. Perhaps Ugarte's in some other part of the cafe.
If we would walk out so soon, it would only call attention to us. Perhaps Ugarte's in some other part of the cafe.	Victor, I, I feel somehow we shouldn't stay here.
Victor, I, I feel somehow we shouldn't stay here.	You're saying this only to make me go.
You're saying this only to make me go.	I'm afraid Major Strasser would insist.
I'm afraid Major Strasser would insist.	I wasn't sure you were the same. Let's see, the last time we met --
I wasn't sure you were the same. Let's see, the last time we met --	I can't get over you two. She was asking about you earlier, Rick, in a way that made me extremely jealous.
I can't get over you two. She was asking about you earlier, Rick, in a way that made me extremely jealous.	-- This is Mr. Laszlo.
-- This is Mr. Laszlo.	Well then, perhaps you also ---
Well then, perhaps you also ---	Oh, you've already met Rick, Mademoiselle?
Oh, you've already met Rick, Mademoiselle?	Hello, Rick.
Hello, Rick.	Well, Mademoiselle, he's the kind of a man that, well, if I were a woman and I...  were not around, I should be in love with Rick. But what a fool I am talking to a beautiful woman about another man.
Well, Mademoiselle, he's the kind of a man that, well, if I were a woman and I...  were not around, I should be in love with Rick. But what a fool I am talking to a beautiful woman about another man.	-- Is what?
-- Is what?	Mademoiselle, you are in Rick's and Rick is --
Mademoiselle, you are in Rick's and Rick is --	Rick? Who's he?
Rick? Who's he?	He came from Paris with Rick.
He came from Paris with Rick.	Yes.
Yes.	Sam?
Sam?	Captain, the boy who is playing the piano, somewhere I have seen him.
Captain, the boy who is playing the piano, somewhere I have seen him.	Here it is.
Here it is.	I understand.
I understand.	But you didn't know she was at my place last night when you were. She came there for the letters of transit. Isn't that true, Ilsa?
But you didn't know she was at my place last night when you were. She came there for the letters of transit. Isn't that true, Ilsa?	Yes.
Yes.	I'm going to anyway, because it may make a difference to you later on. You said you knew about Ilsa and me.
I'm going to anyway, because it may make a difference to you later on. You said you knew about Ilsa and me.	Monsieur Blaine, I don't ask you to explain anything.
Monsieur Blaine, I don't ask you to explain anything.	All except one thing. There's something you should know before you leave.
All except one thing. There's something you should know before you leave.	Everything in order?
Everything in order?	Good. I've got the letters right here, all made out in blank.
Good. I've got the letters right here, all made out in blank.	No. It's all arranged.
No. It's all arranged.	Oh, never mind about that. You won't have any trouble in Lisbon, will you?
Oh, never mind about that. You won't have any trouble in Lisbon, will you?	But we made a deal.
But we made a deal.	Keep it. You'll need it in America.
Keep it. You'll need it in America.	I brought the money, Monsieur Blaine.
I brought the money, Monsieur Blaine.	Oh, save it. We've still lots of things to do.
Oh, save it. We've still lots of things to do.	Monsieur Blaine, I don't know how to thank you.
Monsieur Blaine, I don't know how to thank you.	Apparently you think of me only as the leader of a cause. Well, I am also a human being.
Apparently you think of me only as the leader of a cause. Well, I am also a human being.	You love her that much?
You love her that much?	I know a good deal more about you than you suspect. I know, for instance, that you are in love with a woman. It is perhaps strange that we both should be in love with the same woman. The first evening I came here in this cafe, I knew there was something between you and Ilsa. Since no one is to blame, I, I demand no explanation. I ask only one thing. You won't give me the letters of transit. All right. But I want my wife to be safe. I ask you as a favor to use the letters to take her away from Casablanca.
I know a good deal more about you than you suspect. I know, for instance, that you are in love with a woman. It is perhaps strange that we both should be in love with the same woman. The first evening I came here in this cafe, I knew there was something between you and Ilsa. Since no one is to blame, I, I demand no explanation. I ask only one thing. You won't give me the letters of transit. All right. But I want my wife to be safe. I ask you as a favor to use the letters to take her away from Casablanca.	You seem to know all about my destiny.
You seem to know all about my destiny.	I wonder if you do. I wonder if you know that you're trying to escape from yourself and that you'll never succeed.
I wonder if you do. I wonder if you know that you're trying to escape from yourself and that you'll never succeed.	Yes, I get the point.
Yes, I get the point.	You know how you sound, Monsieur Blaine? Like a man who's trying to convince himself of something he doesn't believe in his heart. Each of us has a destiny, for good or for evil.
You know how you sound, Monsieur Blaine? Like a man who's trying to convince himself of something he doesn't believe in his heart. Each of us has a destiny, for good or for evil.	What of it? Then it'll be out of it's misery.
What of it? Then it'll be out of it's misery.	We might as well question why we breathe. If we stop breathing, we'll die. If we stop fighting our enemies, the world will die.
We might as well question why we breathe. If we stop breathing, we'll die. If we stop fighting our enemies, the world will die.	Don't you sometimes wonder if it's worth all this? I mean what you're fighting for?
Don't you sometimes wonder if it's worth all this? I mean what you're fighting for?	Yes, rather.
Yes, rather.	Had a close one, eh?
Had a close one, eh?	Thank you.
Thank you.	Well, this might come in handy.
Well, this might come in handy.	My wife?
My wife?	I said, ask your wife.
I said, ask your wife.	I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?	There is. I suggest that you ask your wife.
There is. I suggest that you ask your wife.	There must be some reason why you won't let me have them.
There must be some reason why you won't let me have them.	My friend, you could make it a million francs, or three, my answer would still be the same.
My friend, you could make it a million francs, or three, my answer would still be the same.	I'll raise it to two hundred thousand.
I'll raise it to two hundred thousand.	I appreciate it, but I don't accept it.
I appreciate it, but I don't accept it.	Are you enough of a businessman to appreciate an offer of a hundred thousand francs?
Are you enough of a businessman to appreciate an offer of a hundred thousand francs?	Yes. I found that a very expensive hobby, too. But then I never was much of a businessman.
Yes. I found that a very expensive hobby, too. But then I never was much of a businessman.	Isn't it strange that you always happened to be fighting on the side of the underdog?
Isn't it strange that you always happened to be fighting on the side of the underdog?	What of it?
What of it?	My friends in the underground tell me that you have quite a record. You ran guns to Ethiopia. You fought against the fascists in Spain.
My friends in the underground tell me that you have quite a record. You ran guns to Ethiopia. You fought against the fascists in Spain.	I'm not interested in politics. The problems of the world are not in my department. I'm a saloon keeper.
I'm not interested in politics. The problems of the world are not in my department. I'm a saloon keeper.	You must know it's very important I get out of Casablanca. It's my privilege to be one of the leaders of a great movement. You know what I have been doing. You know what it means to the work, to the lives of thousands and thousands of people that I be free to reach America and continue my work.
You must know it's very important I get out of Casablanca. It's my privilege to be one of the leaders of a great movement. You know what I have been doing. You know what it means to the work, to the lives of thousands and thousands of people that I be free to reach America and continue my work.	Right.
Right.	My office.
My office.	Well, isn't there some other place? It's rather confidential, what I have to say.
Well, isn't there some other place? It's rather confidential, what I have to say.	Go ahead.
Go ahead.	Monsieur Blaine, I wonder if I could talk to you?
Monsieur Blaine, I wonder if I could talk to you?	I take that as a great compliment to Sam.  I suppose he means to you Paris of, well, happier days.
I take that as a great compliment to Sam.  I suppose he means to you Paris of, well, happier days.	Good evening. You see, here we are again.
Good evening. You see, here we are again.	Good evening.
Good evening.	Signor Ferrari is the fat gent at the table.
Signor Ferrari is the fat gent at the table.	Good morning.
Good morning.	Any time.
Any time.	We'll come again.
We'll come again.	Not at all.
Not at all.	I hope we didn't overstay our welcome.
I hope we didn't overstay our welcome.	We all try. You succeed.
We all try. You succeed.	Thank you. I try.
Thank you. I try.	Your work.
Your work.	What for?
What for?	And I congratulate you.
And I congratulate you.	Won't you join us for a drink?
Won't you join us for a drink?	And about Victor Laszlo everywhere.
And about Victor Laszlo everywhere.	One hears a great deal about Rick in Casablanca.
One hears a great deal about Rick in Casablanca.	How do you do?
How do you do?	How do you do?
How do you do?	Are you quite finished with us?
Are you quite finished with us?	I am making out the report now. We haven't quite decided whether he committed suicide or died trying to escape.
I am making out the report now. We haven't quite decided whether he committed suicide or died trying to escape.	Nothing important, but may I speak to him now?
Nothing important, but may I speak to him now?	I believe you have a message for him?
I believe you have a message for him?	Yes.
Yes.	By the way, Monsieur, last night you evinced an interest in Signor Ugarte.
By the way, Monsieur, last night you evinced an interest in Signor Ugarte.	-- Thank you.
-- Thank you.	Monsieur, insofar as it is in my power --
Monsieur, insofar as it is in my power --	I was in a German concentration camp for a year. That's honor enough for a lifetime.
I was in a German concentration camp for a year. That's honor enough for a lifetime.	And the honor of having served the Third Reich.
And the honor of having served the Third Reich.	Well, perhaps I shall like it in Casablanca.
Well, perhaps I shall like it in Casablanca.	I am afraid not. My regrets, Monsieur.
I am afraid not. My regrets, Monsieur.	Thank you.
Thank you.	With pleasure. Won't you sit down?
With pleasure. Won't you sit down?	May we proceed with the business?
May we proceed with the business?	That's strange. Nobody is supposed to sleep well in Casablanca.
That's strange. Nobody is supposed to sleep well in Casablanca.	I slept very well.
I slept very well.	I am delighted to see you both. Did you have a good night's rest?
I am delighted to see you both. Did you have a good night's rest?	Goodnight.
Goodnight.	We'll be there.
We'll be there.	Tomorrow at ten at the Prefect's office.
Tomorrow at ten at the Prefect's office.	So it is. And we have a curfew here in Casablanca. It would never do for the Chief of Police to be found drinking after hours and have to fine himself.
So it is. And we have a curfew here in Casablanca. It would never do for the Chief of Police to be found drinking after hours and have to fine himself.	Ilsa, I don't wish to be the one to say it, but it's late.
Ilsa, I don't wish to be the one to say it, but it's late.	Ricky, you're becoming quite human. I suppose we have to thank you for that, Mademoiselle.
Ricky, you're becoming quite human. I suppose we have to thank you for that, Mademoiselle.	This is a very interesting cafe. I congratulate you.
This is a very interesting cafe. I congratulate you.	Well! A precedent is being broken. Er, Emil!
Well! A precedent is being broken. Er, Emil!	No. Two champagne cocktails, please.
No. Two champagne cocktails, please.	My bill.
My bill.	Very well.
Very well.	Let us say that it is my request. That is a much more pleasant word.
Let us say that it is my request. That is a much more pleasant word.	No. Please, Monsieur, it is a little game we play. They put it on the bill, I tear the bill up. It is very convenient.
No. Please, Monsieur, it is a little game we play. They put it on the bill, I tear the bill up. It is very convenient.	No, Captain, please.
No, Captain, please.	I was informed you were the most beautiful woman ever to visit Casablanca. That was a gross understatement.
I was informed you were the most beautiful woman ever to visit Casablanca. That was a gross understatement.	Thank you. I hope you'll forgive me, Captain, but the present French administration has not always been so cordial. May I present Miss Ilsa Lund?
Thank you. I hope you'll forgive me, Captain, but the present French administration has not always been so cordial. May I present Miss Ilsa Lund?	Merely to welcome you to Casablanca and wish you a pleasant stay. It is not often we have so distinguished a visitor.
Merely to welcome you to Casablanca and wish you a pleasant stay. It is not often we have so distinguished a visitor.	Yes. What is it you want?
Yes. What is it you want?	I am Captain Renault, Prefect of Police.
I am Captain Renault, Prefect of Police.	Yes.
Yes.	Monsieur Laszlo, is it not?
Monsieur Laszlo, is it not?	Good day.
Good day.	For the time being.
For the time being.	You won't dare to interfere with me here. This is still unoccupied France. Any violation of neutrality would reflect on Captain Renault.
You won't dare to interfere with me here. This is still unoccupied France. Any violation of neutrality would reflect on Captain Renault.	Herr Laszlo, you have a reputation for eloquence which I can now understand. But in one respect you are mistaken. You said the enemies of the Reich could all be replaced, but there is one exception. No one could take your place in the event anything unfortunate should occur to you while you were trying to escape.
Herr Laszlo, you have a reputation for eloquence which I can now understand. But in one respect you are mistaken. You said the enemies of the Reich could all be replaced, but there is one exception. No one could take your place in the event anything unfortunate should occur to you while you were trying to escape.	And what if you track down these men and kill them? What if you murdered all of us? From every corner of Europe, hundreds, thousands, would rise to take our places. Even Nazis can't kill that fast.
And what if you track down these men and kill them? What if you murdered all of us? From every corner of Europe, hundreds, thousands, would rise to take our places. Even Nazis can't kill that fast.	If I didn't give them to you in a concentration camp where you had more "persuasive methods" at your disposal, I certainly won't give them to you now.
If I didn't give them to you in a concentration camp where you had more "persuasive methods" at your disposal, I certainly won't give them to you now.	You will give us the names?
You will give us the names?	Yes, even in Berlin. If you will furnish me with their names and their exact whereabouts, you will have your visa in the morning.
Yes, even in Berlin. If you will furnish me with their names and their exact whereabouts, you will have your visa in the morning.	Even in Berlin.
Even in Berlin.	You know the leaders of the underground movement in Paris, in Prague, in Brussels, in Amsterdam, in Oslo, in Belgrade, in Athens.
You know the leaders of the underground movement in Paris, in Prague, in Brussels, in Amsterdam, in Oslo, in Belgrade, in Athens.	And that is?
And that is?	Don't be in such a hurry. You have all the time in the world. You may be in Casablanca indefinitely... or you may leave for Lisbon tomorrow, on one condition.
Don't be in such a hurry. You have all the time in the world. You may be in Casablanca indefinitely... or you may leave for Lisbon tomorrow, on one condition.	Is that all you wish to tell us?
Is that all you wish to tell us?	Not at all. Captain Renault's signature is necessary on every exit visa.  Captain, would you think it is possible that Herr Laszlo will receive a visa?
Not at all. Captain Renault's signature is necessary on every exit visa.  Captain, would you think it is possible that Herr Laszlo will receive a visa?	Whether or not you succeed is, of course, problematical.
Whether or not you succeed is, of course, problematical.	Very well, Herr Laszlo, we will not mince words. You are an escaped prisoner of the Reich. So far you have been fortunate enough in eluding us. You have reached Casablanca. It is my duty to see that you stay in Casablanca.
Very well, Herr Laszlo, we will not mince words. You are an escaped prisoner of the Reich. So far you have been fortunate enough in eluding us. You have reached Casablanca. It is my duty to see that you stay in Casablanca.	Captain Renault, I am under your authority. Is it your order that we come to your office?
Captain Renault, I am under your authority. Is it your order that we come to your office?	Then we shall state another time and another place. Tomorrow at ten in the Prefect's office, with Mademoiselle.
Then we shall state another time and another place. Tomorrow at ten in the Prefect's office, with Mademoiselle.	This is hardly the time or the place.
This is hardly the time or the place.	I should like to discuss some matters arising from your presence on French soil.
I should like to discuss some matters arising from your presence on French soil.	I've never accepted that privilege, and I'm now on French soil.
I've never accepted that privilege, and I'm now on French soil.	You were a Czechoslovakian. Now you are a subject of the German Reich!
You were a Czechoslovakian. Now you are a subject of the German Reich!	I'm sure you'll excuse me if I am not gracious, but you see, Major Strasser, I'm a Czechoslovakian.
I'm sure you'll excuse me if I am not gracious, but you see, Major Strasser, I'm a Czechoslovakian.	Ask Monsieur Rick.
Ask Monsieur Rick.	Why do you stand here? Why don't you stop him?
Why do you stand here? Why don't you stop him?	Victor Laszlo is on that plane.
Victor Laszlo is on that plane.	What is the meaning of that phone call?
What is the meaning of that phone call?	Find one.
Find one.	But I have no excuse to close it.
But I have no excuse to close it.	Yes, much too good a time. The place is to be closed.
Yes, much too good a time. The place is to be closed.	But everybody's having such a good time.
But everybody's having such a good time.	You see what I mean? If Laszlo's presence in a cafe can inspire this unfortunate demonstration, what more will his presence in Casablanca bring on? I advise that this place be shut up at once.
You see what I mean? If Laszlo's presence in a cafe can inspire this unfortunate demonstration, what more will his presence in Casablanca bring on? I advise that this place be shut up at once.	I see what you mean.
I see what you mean.	Uh, huh. I have been thinking. It is too dangerous if we let him go. It may be too dangerous if we let him stay.
Uh, huh. I have been thinking. It is too dangerous if we let him go. It may be too dangerous if we let him stay.	A leader, like Laszlo?
A leader, like Laszlo?	We are concerned about more than Casablanca. We know that every French province in Africa is honeycombed with traitors waiting for their chance, waiting, perhaps, for a leader.
We are concerned about more than Casablanca. We know that every French province in Africa is honeycombed with traitors waiting for their chance, waiting, perhaps, for a leader.	And if it should change?
And if it should change?	I have no conviction, if that's what you mean. I blow with the wind, and the prevailing wind happens to be from Vichy.
I have no conviction, if that's what you mean. I blow with the wind, and the prevailing wind happens to be from Vichy.	Captain Renault, are you entirely certain which side you're on?
Captain Renault, are you entirely certain which side you're on?	My dear Major, we are trying to cooperate with your government, but we cannot regulate the feelings of our people.
My dear Major, we are trying to cooperate with your government, but we cannot regulate the feelings of our people.	You see, Captain, the situation is not as much under control as you believe.
You see, Captain, the situation is not as much under control as you believe.	It may interest you to know that at this very moment he is on his way here.
It may interest you to know that at this very moment he is on his way here.	As to Laszlo, we want him watched twenty-four hours a day.
As to Laszlo, we want him watched twenty-four hours a day.	But we mustn't underestimate American blundering. I was with them when they "blundered" into Berlin in 1918.
But we mustn't underestimate American blundering. I was with them when they "blundered" into Berlin in 1918.	You give him credit for too much cleverness. My impression was that he's just another blundering American.
You give him credit for too much cleverness. My impression was that he's just another blundering American.	If Rick has the letters, he's much too smart to let you find them there.
If Rick has the letters, he's much too smart to let you find them there.	I strongly suspect that Ugarte left the letters of transit with Mr. Blaine. I would suggest you search the cafe immediately and thoroughly.
I strongly suspect that Ugarte left the letters of transit with Mr. Blaine. I would suggest you search the cafe immediately and thoroughly.	Mademoiselle.
Mademoiselle.	Mademoiselle.
Mademoiselle.	Perhaps.
Perhaps.	You see, Major, you have nothing to worry about Rick.
You see, Major, you have nothing to worry about Rick.	I admit he is very clever. Three times he slipped through our fingers. In Paris he continued his activities. We intend not to let it happen again.
I admit he is very clever. Three times he slipped through our fingers. In Paris he continued his activities. We intend not to let it happen again.	Of course, one must admit he has great courage.
Of course, one must admit he has great courage.	You weren't always so carefully neutral. We have a complete dossier on you.
You weren't always so carefully neutral. We have a complete dossier on you.	Rick is completely neutral about everything. And that takes in the field of women, too.
Rick is completely neutral about everything. And that takes in the field of women, too.	How about New York?
How about New York?	Ho, diplomatist!
Ho, diplomatist!	Do you mind if I ask you a few questions? Unofficially, of course.
Do you mind if I ask you a few questions? Unofficially, of course.	Well, personally, Major, I will take what comes.
Well, personally, Major, I will take what comes.	You repeat "Third Reich" as though you expected there to be others.
You repeat "Third Reich" as though you expected there to be others.	How do you do, Mr. Rick?
How do you do, Mr. Rick?	Rick, this is Major Heinrich Strasser of the Third Reich.
Rick, this is Major Heinrich Strasser of the Third Reich.	I expected no less, Captain.
I expected no less, Captain.	Especially so tonight, Major. In a few minutes you will see the arrest of the man who murdered your couriers.
Especially so tonight, Major. In a few minutes you will see the arrest of the man who murdered your couriers.	Thank you.
Thank you.	May I recommend Veuve Cliquot '26, a good French wine.
May I recommend Veuve Cliquot '26, a good French wine.	Champagne and a tin of caviar.
Champagne and a tin of caviar.	Thank you. It is a pleasure to have you here, Major.
Thank you. It is a pleasure to have you here, Major.	Good evening, Captain.
Good evening, Captain.	Good evening, gentlemen.
Good evening, gentlemen.	I have already heard about this cafe, and also about Mr. Rick himself.
I have already heard about this cafe, and also about Mr. Rick himself.	Oh, there is no hurry. Tonight he'll be at Rick's. Everybody comes to Rick's.
Oh, there is no hurry. Tonight he'll be at Rick's. Everybody comes to Rick's.	Realizing the importance of the case, my men are rounding up twice the usual number of suspects.
Realizing the importance of the case, my men are rounding up twice the usual number of suspects.	By the way, the murder of the couriers, what has been done?
By the way, the murder of the couriers, what has been done?	What else, my dear Major?
What else, my dear Major?	Oh, we Germans must get used to all climates, from Russia to the Sahara. But perhaps you were not referring to the weather.
Oh, we Germans must get used to all climates, from Russia to the Sahara. But perhaps you were not referring to the weather.	You may find the climate of Casablanca a trifle warm, Major.
You may find the climate of Casablanca a trifle warm, Major.	Major Strasser, my aide, Lieutenant Casselle.
Major Strasser, my aide, Lieutenant Casselle.	Thank you, Captain. It's very good to be here.
Thank you, Captain. It's very good to be here.	Unoccupied France welcomes you to Casablanca.
Unoccupied France welcomes you to Casablanca.	Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.	Uh huh.
Uh huh.	Our expenses?
Our expenses?	And that ten thousand francs should pay our expenses.
And that ten thousand francs should pay our expenses.	My letter of transit? I could use a trip. But it doesn't make any difference about our bet. You still owe me ten thousand francs.
My letter of transit? I could use a trip. But it doesn't make any difference about our bet. You still owe me ten thousand francs.	It might be a good idea for you to disappear from Casablanca for a while. There's a Free French garrison over at Brazzaville. I could be induced to arrange a passage.
It might be a good idea for you to disappear from Casablanca for a while. There's a Free French garrison over at Brazzaville. I could be induced to arrange a passage.	I think perhaps you're right.
I think perhaps you're right.	Maybe, but it seemed like a good time to start.
Maybe, but it seemed like a good time to start.	Well, Rick, you're not only a sentimentalist, but you've become a patriot.
Well, Rick, you're not only a sentimentalist, but you've become a patriot.	As soon as the plane goes, Louis.
As soon as the plane goes, Louis.	I suppose you know this isn't going to be pleasant for either of us, especially for you. I'll have to arrest you of course.
I suppose you know this isn't going to be pleasant for either of us, especially for you. I'll have to arrest you of course.	Anyway, thanks for helping me out.
Anyway, thanks for helping me out.	What you just did for Laszlo, and that fairy tale that you invented to send Ilsa away with him. I know a little about women, my friend. She went, but she knew you were lying.
What you just did for Laszlo, and that fairy tale that you invented to send Ilsa away with him. I know a little about women, my friend. She went, but she knew you were lying.	Stay where you are. I don't know what you're talking about.
Stay where you are. I don't know what you're talking about.	Well I was right. You are a sentimentalist.
Well I was right. You are a sentimentalist.	And the names are Mr. and Mrs. Victor Laszlo.
And the names are Mr. and Mrs. Victor Laszlo.	You think of everything, don't you?
You think of everything, don't you?	If you don't mind, you fill in the names. That will make it even more official.
If you don't mind, you fill in the names. That will make it even more official.	That is my least vulnerable spot.
That is my least vulnerable spot.	Just the same, you call the airport and let me hear you tell them. And remember, this gun's pointed right at your heart.
Just the same, you call the airport and let me hear you tell them. And remember, this gun's pointed right at your heart.	Call off your watch-dogs you said.
Call off your watch-dogs you said.	I do. We've got plenty of time to discuss that later.
I do. We've got plenty of time to discuss that later.	I suppose you know what you're doing, but I wonder if you realize what this means?
I suppose you know what you're doing, but I wonder if you realize what this means?	Put that gun down.
Put that gun down.	I have. Sit down over there.
I have. Sit down over there.	Have you taken leave of your senses?
Have you taken leave of your senses?	-- Not so fast, Louis. Nobody's going to be arrested. Not for a while yet.
-- Not so fast, Louis. Nobody's going to be arrested. Not for a while yet.	Serves me right for not being musical.
Serves me right for not being musical.	Sam's piano.
Sam's piano.	Tell me, when we searched the place, where were they?
Tell me, when we searched the place, where were they?	I have the letters right here.
I have the letters right here.	Is everything ready?
Is everything ready?	Yes, I know what you mean, but I've already spoken to Ferrari. You'll still win at roulette.
Yes, I know what you mean, but I've already spoken to Ferrari. You'll still win at roulette.	You know, this place will never be the same without you, Ricky.
You know, this place will never be the same without you, Ricky.	Oh, he won't be followed here.
Oh, he won't be followed here.	I thought I asked you to tie up your watchdogs.
I thought I asked you to tie up your watchdogs.	I was informed just as Laszlo was about to leave the hotel, so I knew I'd be on time.
I was informed just as Laszlo was about to leave the hotel, so I knew I'd be on time.	You're late.
You're late.	Go ahead, Ricky.
Go ahead, Ricky.	Oh, thanks.
Oh, thanks.	Ricky, I'm going to miss you. Apparently you're the only one in Casablanca who has even less scruples than I.
Ricky, I'm going to miss you. Apparently you're the only one in Casablanca who has even less scruples than I.	I'll make the arrangements right now with Laszlo in the visitor's pen.
I'll make the arrangements right now with Laszlo in the visitor's pen.	I see. How do I know you'll keep your end of the bargain?
I see. How do I know you'll keep your end of the bargain?	Well, she isn't just any woman.
Well, she isn't just any woman.	There's still something about this business I don't quite understand. Miss Lund, she's very beautiful, yes, but you were never interested in any woman.
There's still something about this business I don't quite understand. Miss Lund, she's very beautiful, yes, but you were never interested in any woman.	I'll arrange to have Laszlo come there to pick up the letters of transit, and that'll give you the criminal grounds on which to make the arrest. You get him, and we get away. To the Germans that last will be just a minor annoyance.
I'll arrange to have Laszlo come there to pick up the letters of transit, and that'll give you the criminal grounds on which to make the arrest. You get him, and we get away. To the Germans that last will be just a minor annoyance.	Then release him. You be at my place a half hour before the plane leaves.
Then release him. You be at my place a half hour before the plane leaves.	It certainly would. Germany... Vichy would be very grateful.
It certainly would. Germany... Vichy would be very grateful.	Ilsa is Laszlo's wife. She probably knows things that Strasser would like to know. Louis, I'll make a deal with you. Instead of this petty charge you have against him, you can get something really big, something that would chuck him in a concentration camp for years. That would be quite a feather in your cap, wouldn't it?
Ilsa is Laszlo's wife. She probably knows things that Strasser would like to know. Louis, I'll make a deal with you. Instead of this petty charge you have against him, you can get something really big, something that would chuck him in a concentration camp for years. That would be quite a feather in your cap, wouldn't it?	You didn't come here to tell me this. You have the letters of transit. You can fill in your name and hers and leave any time you please. Why are you interested in what happens to Laszlo?
You didn't come here to tell me this. You have the letters of transit. You can fill in your name and hers and leave any time you please. Why are you interested in what happens to Laszlo?	Ilsa Lund.  That ought to put your mind to rest about my helping Laszlo escape. The last man I want to see in America.
Ilsa Lund.  That ought to put your mind to rest about my helping Laszlo escape. The last man I want to see in America.	What friend?
What friend?	And I'm taking a friend with me. One you'll appreciate.
And I'm taking a friend with me. One you'll appreciate.	Huh?
Huh?	You're not very subtle, but you are effective. I, I get the point. Yes, I have the letters, but I intend using them myself. I'm leaving Casablanca on tonight's plane, the last plane.
You're not very subtle, but you are effective. I, I get the point. Yes, I have the letters, but I intend using them myself. I'm leaving Casablanca on tonight's plane, the last plane.	Don't count too much on my friendship, Ricky. In this matter I'm powerless. Besides, I might lose ten thousand francs.
Don't count too much on my friendship, Ricky. In this matter I'm powerless. Besides, I might lose ten thousand francs.	Well, they're all excellent reasons.
Well, they're all excellent reasons.	Because one, you've bet ten thousand francs he'd escape. Two, you have the letters of transit, now don't bother to deny it. And, well, you might do it simply because you don't like Strasser's looks. As a matter of fact, I don't like him either.
Because one, you've bet ten thousand francs he'd escape. Two, you have the letters of transit, now don't bother to deny it. And, well, you might do it simply because you don't like Strasser's looks. As a matter of fact, I don't like him either.	-- What makes you think I'd stick my neck out for Laszlo?
-- What makes you think I'd stick my neck out for Laszlo?	Ricky, I'd advise you not to be too interested in what happens to Laszlo. If by any chance you were to help him escape --
Ricky, I'd advise you not to be too interested in what happens to Laszlo. If by any chance you were to help him escape --	But you haven't any actual proof, and you know it. This isn't Germany or occupied France. All you can do is fine him a few thousand francs and give him thirty days. You might as well let him go now.
But you haven't any actual proof, and you know it. This isn't Germany or occupied France. All you can do is fine him a few thousand francs and give him thirty days. You might as well let him go now.	I am shocked, shocked to find that gambling is going on in here!
I am shocked, shocked to find that gambling is going on in here!	How can you close me up? On what grounds?
How can you close me up? On what grounds?	Well, I forgive you this time. But I'll be in tomorrow night with a breathtaking blonde, and it will make me very happy if she loses. Uh huh!
Well, I forgive you this time. But I'll be in tomorrow night with a breathtaking blonde, and it will make me very happy if she loses. Uh huh!	Put it down as a gesture to love.
Put it down as a gesture to love.	Why do you interfere with my little romances?
Why do you interfere with my little romances?	Yeah? Why?
Yeah? Why?	As I suspected, you're a rank sentimentalist.
As I suspected, you're a rank sentimentalist.	Who knows? In her own way she may constitute an entire second front. I think it's time for me to flatter Major Strasser a little. I'll see you later, Rick.
